content/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/05/05amazing-water-flow-at-myokan-weir.md, before:

---
title: 'Amazing water flow at Myokan Weir'
author: 'Rob Nugen'
date: '2021-05-05T12:31:17+09:00'
---

Placid Shinanogawa

[![2021 may 05 upstream from myokan weir](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-20/thumbs/2021_may_05_upstream_from_myokan_weir.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-20/2021_may_05_upstream_from_myokan_weir.jpeg)

[![2021 may 05 placid gate of myokan weir](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-20/thumbs/2021_may_05_placid_gate_of_myokan_weir.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-20/2021_may_05_placid_gate_of_myokan_weir.jpeg)

Something happening

[![2021 may 05 turbulent gate of myokan weir](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-20/thumbs/2021_may_05_turbulent_gate_of_myokan_weir.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-20/2021_may_05_turbulent_gate_of_myokan_weir.jpeg)

Whoah

[![2021 may 05 wow gate of myokan weir](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-20/thumbs/2021_may_05_wow_gate_of_myokan_weir.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-20/2021_may_05_wow_gate_of_myokan_weir.jpeg)

Deets

[![2021 may 05 myokan weir gate 5 info](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-20/thumbs/2021_may_05_myokan_weir_gate_5_info.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-20/2021_may_05_myokan_weir_gate_5_info.jpeg)

Pics

[![2021 may 05 myokan weir info](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-20/thumbs/2021_may_05_myokan_weir_info.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-20/2021_may_05_myokan_weir_info.jpeg)

Fish stairs

[![2021 may 05 myokan weir fish stairs](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-20/thumbs/2021_may_05_myokan_weir_fish_stairs.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-20/2021_may_05_myokan_weir_fish_stairs.jpeg)

Commit message:

pics from yesterday and vids from two days ago omg

content/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/05/05amazing-water-flow-at-myokan-weir.md, after:

---
title: 'Amazing water flow at Myokan Weir'
author: 'Rob Nugen'
date: '2021-05-05T12:31:17+09:00'
---

Placid Shinanogawa

[![2021 may 05 upstream from myokan weir](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-20/thumbs/2021_may_05_upstream_from_myokan_weir.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-20/2021_may_05_upstream_from_myokan_weir.jpeg)

[![2021 may 05 placid gate of myokan weir](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-20/thumbs/2021_may_05_placid_gate_of_myokan_weir.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-20/2021_may_05_placid_gate_of_myokan_weir.jpeg)

Something happening

[![2021 may 05 turbulent gate of myokan weir](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-20/thumbs/2021_may_05_turbulent_gate_of_myokan_weir.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-20/2021_may_05_turbulent_gate_of_myokan_weir.jpeg)

Whoah

[![2021 may 05 wow gate of myokan weir](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-20/thumbs/2021_may_05_wow_gate_of_myokan_weir.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-20/2021_may_05_wow_gate_of_myokan_weir.jpeg)

Vids from Myokan Weir

https://youtu.be/4iMnI-2Ko_Y   both sides of bridge

https://youtu.be/AQEsQno2yU4   both sides of thingie

https://youtu.be/t-U0HaStvyU   slow motion angle

https://youtu.be/4Pj7W8lbBYU   slow motion straight down

https://youtu.be/z2SaTjwXY4Y   

https://youtu.be/tunVfQyXJeQ



Deets

[![2021 may 05 myokan weir gate 5 info](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-20/thumbs/2021_may_05_myokan_weir_gate_5_info.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-20/2021_may_05_myokan_weir_gate_5_info.jpeg)

Pics

[![2021 may 05 myokan weir info](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-20/thumbs/2021_may_05_myokan_weir_info.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-20/2021_may_05_myokan_weir_info.jpeg)

Fish stairs

[![2021 may 05 myokan weir fish stairs](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-20/thumbs/2021_may_05_myokan_weir_fish_stairs.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-20/2021_may_05_myokan_weir_fish_stairs.jpeg)
