content/events/2023/05/20barefoot-walk-and-chillax-in-rinko-park.en.md, before:

---
title: "Barefoot Walk and Chillax in Rinko Park"
tags: [ "2023", "Barefoot Rob", "Yokohama", "aiko", "barefoot", "event", "may", "rinko-park", "starseed", "walk", "はだし", "臨港パーク", "裸足のロブ" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2023-05-03T09:40:56+09:00
EventLocation: "Rinko Park, Yokohama"
EventTime: "14:00"
TimeDescription: "gather at 13:15 in Porta near Pronto Cafe"
EventDate: "2023-05-20T13:30:00+09:00"
aliases: [
    "/en/events/2023/05/20barefoot-walk-and-chillax-in-rinko-park",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2023/walk_and_talk/2023_apr_26_rinko_park_bridge.jpg" "2023 apr 26 rinko park bridge" %}}

Refresh your spirit. Touch the earth. Touch the sea.
Connect with yourself and nature.

Barefoot walking, breathing, enjoying fresh sea breeze.

#### First Meeting Point

Saturday 20 May 2023, 13:15 ~ 13:30

In front of Cafe “Pronto” in Porta Yokohama
↓↓↓↓↓↓↓
※1 min from JR Yokohama Station /
Go down the escalator at the entrance of Porta.
You will see Pronto on the right side.
https://www.yokohamaporta.jp/language/english.html

#### Second Meeting Point is Rinko Park

Saturday 20 May 2023, 14:00

Grassy space in **[Rinko Park in Yokohama](https://goo.gl/maps/k5XcA7ueXCCsPErV9)**, next to Rinko Park Arch Bridge.

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

#### Details

*Enjoy Nature*

Rinko Park features
large grassy open spaces surrounded by trees,
plus concrete steps, walkways, and a bridge,
great for experiencing many surfaces barefoot.

*Enjoy Connection*

Enjoy connection to yourself and our community.
Share new experiences with like-minded others.

Enjoy the present moment by settling into your the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

What to Expect:

* I will talk about how to safely walk barefoot.
* We will feel grass, concrete, and sea breeze.
* Let's enjoy discovering the park together!
* If the weather is nice, bring lunch to enjoy in the park!

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

**Donation:**

1000 yen

**What to bring**

Lunch if you'd like to join us for lunch!

Anything else you need to take care of yourself.

No need for a shoe bag; we'll be walking in sight of our belongings.

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!

Commit message:

Fix link to LINE group QR code....
LIKE A BOSS!!!

content/events/2023/05/20barefoot-walk-and-chillax-in-rinko-park.en.md, after:

---
title: "Barefoot Walk and Chillax in Rinko Park"
tags: [ "2023", "Barefoot Rob", "Yokohama", "aiko", "barefoot", "event", "may", "rinko-park", "starseed", "walk", "はだし", "臨港パーク", "裸足のロブ" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2023-05-03T09:40:56+09:00
EventLocation: "Rinko Park, Yokohama"
EventTime: "14:00"
TimeDescription: "gather at 13:15 in Porta near Pronto Cafe"
EventDate: "2023-05-20T13:30:00+09:00"
aliases: [
    "/en/events/2023/05/20barefoot-walk-and-chillax-in-rinko-park",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2023/walk_and_talk/2023_apr_26_rinko_park_bridge.jpg" "2023 apr 26 rinko park bridge" %}}

Refresh your spirit. Touch the earth. Touch the sea.
Connect with yourself and nature.

Barefoot walking, breathing, enjoying fresh sea breeze.

#### First Meeting Point

Saturday 20 May 2023, 13:15 ~ 13:30

In front of Cafe “Pronto” in Porta Yokohama
↓↓↓↓↓↓↓
※1 min from JR Yokohama Station /
Go down the escalator at the entrance of Porta.
You will see Pronto on the right side.
https://www.yokohamaporta.jp/language/english.html

#### Second Meeting Point is Rinko Park

Saturday 20 May 2023, 14:00

Grassy space in **[Rinko Park in Yokohama](https://goo.gl/maps/k5XcA7ueXCCsPErV9)**, next to Rinko Park Arch Bridge.

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

#### Details

*Enjoy Nature*

Rinko Park features
large grassy open spaces surrounded by trees,
plus concrete steps, walkways, and a bridge,
great for experiencing many surfaces barefoot.

*Enjoy Connection*

Enjoy connection to yourself and our community.
Share new experiences with like-minded others.

Enjoy the present moment by settling into your the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

What to Expect:

* I will talk about how to safely walk barefoot.
* We will feel grass, concrete, and sea breeze.
* Let's enjoy discovering the park together!
* If the weather is nice, bring lunch to enjoy in the park!

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

**Donation:**

1000 yen

**What to bring**

Lunch if you'd like to join us for lunch!

Anything else you need to take care of yourself.

No need for a shoe bag; we'll be walking in sight of our belongings.

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!
