content/events/2021/01/23walking-meditation-in-beautiful-shinjuku-gyoen---welcome-2021.md, before:

---
title: "Walking Meditation in beautiful Shinjuku Gyoen - Welcome 2021"
tags: [ "event", "walk", "meditation", "chilly" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2020-12-25T21:46:52+09:00
EventTime: "12pm - 2pm"
EventDate: 2021-01-23
---

<img
src="//b.robnugen.com/blog/2020/2020_dec_12_title_walking_meditation.jpg"
alt="4 people doing Walking Meditation Saturday 23 January 2021"
class="title" />


Refresh your spirit. Touch the earth. Connect with nature.

Barefoot Walking Experience:

Meditation, walking, breathing, enjoying crisp air.

#### When

**enter Shinjuku Gate at 12 noon Saturday 23 January 2021**

#### Where

**Shinjuku Gyoen - [Shinjuku Gate](https://goo.gl/maps/4c35vbQqopZMGhez9)**

#### Details

Once we've gotten a good start on 2021, let's continue practicing good mental and spiritual self care.

*Enjoy Nature*

Shinjuku Gyoen is a beautiful park just 15 minutes walking distance from
the busiest train station in the world.

Covering 144 acres, Shinjuku Gyoen blends three distinct styles,
Formal Garden, Landscape Garden, and Japanese Traditional Garden.

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

11:45am Meet at Shinjuku Gate of Shinjuku Gyoen. https://goo.gl/maps/4c35vbQqopZMGhez9

Buy tickets (500 yen)

12:00 noon: Enter Shinjuku Gyoen Shinjuku Gate

What to Expect:

* We will find a nice place to relax and connect with nature and inner quiet.
* I will guide us in meditation, including walking meditation.
* Feel free to take off your shoes; whatever makes you comfortable.

I plan for the weather to be nice, so let's stay in the park until
14:30 and then decide what we want to do after that.

**Costs:**

500 yen for Shinjuku park

**What to bring**

It will likely be quite cold, so wear layers to keep yourself comfortable.
Come wearing lightweight shoes that you can carry just in case you
need to put them on during the walk!

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!

**Covid Considerations**

https://www.env.go.jp/garden/shinjukugyoen/english/

COVID-19 Infection Prevention Measures in the garden

To prevent the spread of coronavirus infection in the garden, we ask all visitors to take the following measures.

● When you have cold symptoms such as fever and coughs, please refrain from visiting the garden.

● Please wear a face mask and follow cough etiquette.

● Please frequently wash your hands with soap and water and use hand sanitizers.

● Please keep your distance ( about 2 meters ) from other visitors.

● Please refrain from visiting with a large group of people.

● To avoid congestion, please refrain from using large picnic blankets. ( one side: larger than 2 meters )

● Please refrain from visiting with a large group of people.

Commit message:

Move walking meditation to Yoyogi Park
Because Shinjuku Gyoen is closed for lockdown

content/events/2021/01/23walking-meditation-in-beautiful-shinjuku-gyoen---welcome-2021.md, after:

---
title: "Walking Meditation in Yoyogi Park - Welcome 2021"
tags: [ "event", "walk", "meditation", "chilly" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2020-12-25T21:46:52+09:00
EventTime: "12pm - 2pm"
EventDate: 2021-01-23
Aliases: [ "23walking-meditation-in-beautiful-shinjuku-gyoen-welcome-2021" ]
---

New Location!

<img
src="//b.robnugen.com/blog/2020/2020_dec_12_title_walking_meditation.jpg"
alt="4 people doing Walking Meditation Saturday 23 January 2021"
class="title" />


Refresh your spirit. Touch the earth. Connect with nature.

Barefoot Walking Experience:

Meditation, walking, breathing, enjoying crisp air.

#### When

**enter Harajuku Gate of Yoyogi Park at 12 noon Saturday 23 January 2021**

#### Where

## NEW LOCATION: YOYOGI PARK

**Yoyogi Park by the [clock near Harajuku entrance](https://goo.gl/maps/xabS6Nw7TgNScqeCA)**  https://goo.gl/maps/xabS6Nw7TgNScqeCA

<!-- **Shinjuku Gyoen - [Shinjuku Gate](https://goo.gl/maps/4c35vbQqopZMGhez9)** -->

#### Details

Once we've gotten a good start on 2021, let's continue practicing good mental and spiritual self care.

*Enjoy Nature*

Yoyogi Park has lots of big beautiful trees surrounding its large grassy field.

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

11:45am Meet at Harajuku Gate of Yoyogi Park **(NEW LOCATION)**  https://goo.gl/maps/xabS6Nw7TgNScqeCA

<!--
11:45am Meet at Shinjuku Gate of Shinjuku Gyoen. https://goo.gl/maps/4c35vbQqopZMGhez9

Buy tickets (500 yen)
-->


12:00 noon: Enter Yoyogi Park

What to Expect:

* We will find a nice place in the big field past the fountains.
* I will guide us in meditation, including walking meditation.
* Feel free to take off your shoes; whatever makes you comfortable.

I plan for the weather to be nice, so let's stay in the park until
14:30 and then decide what we want to do after that.

**Costs:**

free!

**What to bring**

It will likely be quite cold, so wear layers to keep yourself comfortable.
Come wearing lightweight shoes that you can carry just in case you
need to put them on during the walk!

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!

**Covid Considerations**

COVID-19 Infection Prevention Measures in the park

To prevent the spread of coronavirus infection in the park, we ask all visitors to take the following measures.

● When you have cold symptoms such as fever and coughs, please refrain from visiting the park.

● Please wear a face mask and follow cough etiquette.

● Please frequently wash your hands with soap and water and use hand sanitizers.

● Please keep your distance ( about 2 meters ) from other visitors.

● Please refrain from visiting with a large group of people.

● To avoid congestion, please refrain from using large picnic blankets. ( one side: larger than 2 meters )

● Please refrain from visiting with a large group of people.
