content/blog/2020/04/11getting-myself-out-there.md, before:

---
title: "getting myself out there"
tags: [ "newsletter", "blog" ]
categories: [ "blog" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2020-04-11T04:53:24+09:00
---

Originally published
https://tinyletter.com/barefootrob/letters/getting-myself-out-there

    "Done is better than perfect."
    - Mark Wild
 
Japan has finally begun to take this COVID thing seriously.  There has
been some physical distancing as people move social connection online.
I have used my newfound time to offer more workshops than I originally
planned at the beginning of the year.  I have not added all of them on
[Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/Tokyo-Sol-barefoot-more/), but most of
my events are nestled in my friend Oren's
[Quarantine Activity Guide](https://mysideline.co/qag/2020-04/).

In my [most recent newsletter](/blog/2020/03/03/marching-right-along/), I wrote the following:
 
    A huge part of this business is "getting myself out there" which I
    hate with a passion.  I just want to stay holed up ... not facing
    anyone who might say "no" in any sort of way.

    Maybe this counts as my big "thing to learn" this year.

To help me "get myself out there," I have hired Freya after doing a
first session with her in March.  Since then I have struggled, having
great resistance to doing the simple steps she has outlined, steps
which I have heard many times on how to get a business started.  (I've
been at this for a while!)

I finally finished the first step yesterday morning, and then agonized
over the next step.  Ask people for help.

So following the wisdom of my dear friend Mark Wild, "done is better
than perfect," I have woken up in the middle of the night, realizing I
can start by sending the following to you, my favorite peeps.

**drumroll** Now presenting....

my first Market Research Survey questions, designed to help me understand how to best support my clients!
 

	
1. How would you describe your current work situation?	
2. How is the atmosphere or energy at your workplace?	
3. How satisfied are you with your current job?
4. What is your favorite aspect of your current job?
5. If you could change anything in your workplace or job situation,
   what would it be?
6. What comes up for you when you think about making this change?
7. How might your life be different if you could make this change?
8. What keeps you from making this change?
9. If you could get any help making this change, what would it be?

 
Tada!  If you send me your answers to the above questions, I will
happily offer a one hour session to help you find your inner strength
to make this change in your life!

As we are in a midst of pandemic-powered global change, let's bring
your authentic self to the world!  Register for a discovery session on
Calendly.
[https://calendly.com/thunderrabbit](https://calendly.com/thunderrabbit)

     love and light
     - Rob!

Commit message:

added notes on how I will use replies

content/blog/2020/04/11getting-myself-out-there.md, after:

---
title: "getting myself out there"
tags: [ "newsletter", "blog" ]
categories: [ "blog" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2020-04-11T04:53:24+09:00
---

Originally published
https://tinyletter.com/barefootrob/letters/getting-myself-out-there

    "Done is better than perfect."
    - Mark Wild
 
Japan has finally begun to take this COVID thing seriously.  There has
been some physical distancing as people move social connection online.
I have used my newfound time to offer more workshops than I originally
planned at the beginning of the year.  I have not added all of them on
[Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/Tokyo-Sol-barefoot-more/), but most of
my events are nestled in my friend Oren's
[Quarantine Activity Guide](https://mysideline.co/qag/2020-04/).

In my [most recent newsletter](/blog/2020/03/03/marching-right-along/), I wrote the following:
 
    A huge part of this business is "getting myself out there" which I
    hate with a passion.  I just want to stay holed up ... not facing
    anyone who might say "no" in any sort of way.

    Maybe this counts as my big "thing to learn" this year.

To help me "get myself out there," I have hired Freya after doing a
first session with her in March.  Since then I have struggled, having
great resistance to doing the simple steps she has outlined, steps
which I have heard many times on how to get a business started.  (I've
been at this for a while!)

I finally finished the first step yesterday morning, and then agonized
over the next step.  Ask people for help.

So following the wisdom of my dear friend Mark Wild, "done is better
than perfect," I have woken up in the middle of the night, realizing I
can start by sending the following to you, my favorite peeps.

**drumroll** Now presenting....

my first Market Research Survey questions, designed to help me understand how to best support my clients!
	
1. How would you describe your current work situation?	
2. How is the atmosphere or energy at your workplace?	
3. How satisfied are you with your current job?
4. What is your favorite aspect of your current job?
5. If you could change anything in your workplace or job situation,
   what would it be?
6. What comes up for you when you think about making this change?
7. How might your life be different if you could make this change?
8. What keeps you from making this change?
9. If you could get any help making this change, what would it be?

(Edit to add: I have hired a business coach as an accountability buddy
and one of the first tasks is to create a Market Research Survey and
send to people who I think are in my niche of potential clients.

I will keep the raw data to myself, and I hope to use the answers in
aggregate to help plan my business promotion.  I personally will
search the answers for recurring themes and refer to those themes
(that I can address) in ad copy for my business.

For example, if most people use the word boonfarkle in their
description, I may use that word in my ad copy.  "Are you working in a
boonfarkle?"    But I won't say or share "N% of people are working in
a boonfarkle" (for any value of N).

end edit)

Tada!  If you send me your answers to the above questions, I will
happily offer a one hour session to help you find your inner strength
to make this change in your life!

As we are in a midst of pandemic-powered global change, let's bring
your authentic self to the world!  Register for a discovery session on
Calendly.
[https://calendly.com/thunderrabbit](https://calendly.com/thunderrabbit)

     love and light
     - Rob!
