content/events/2022/01/22hello-rinshi-no-mori-park-barefoot-walk-and-talk.en.md, before:

---
title: "Hello Rinshi-no-Mori Park barefoot Walk and Talk"
tags: [ "barefoot", "event", "meguro", "park", "walk", "林試の森公園" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2022-01-13T14:15:07+09:00
TimeDescription: "gather at 11:40; meet in Rinshi-no-Mori Park at 12:00"
EventDate: "2022-01-22T12:00:00+09:00"
aliases: [
    "/en/events/2022/01/22hello-rinshi-no-mori-park-barefoot-walk-and-talk",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/rinshi_no_mori_park_jan_2020.jpg" "rinshi no mori park jan 2020" %}}

Refresh your spirit. Touch the earth. Connect with nature.

Barefoot Walking Experience:

Barefoot walking, breathing, enjoying fresh air.

#### First Meeting Point

Saturday 22 January 2022, 11:40

Musashi-Koyama Station [next to Family Mart](https://goo.gl/maps/y3UrUcLu5heqNc8VA)

#### Second Meeting Point

Saturday 22 January 2022, 12:00

Circular space in [Rinshi-no-Mori Park](https://goo.gl/maps/RT2w4S4BvaHFreHM8)

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

#### Details

*Enjoy Nature*

Rinshi-no-Mori Park features
forested grounds and open spaces,
plus a stream and
playground/picnic areas.

*Enjoy Connection*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

What to Expect:

* I will talk about how to safely walk barefoot.
* We will feel asphalt, grass, and myriad other surfaces.
* Let's enjoy discovering the park together!

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

**Costs:**

500 yen

**What to bring**

Whatever you need to take care of yourself.  Come wearing lightweight
shoes and maybe a bag to carry them just in case you need to put them on
during the walk!

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!

**Covid Considerations**

You know the drill.  I know you have thought about it and I trust you
to make a good decision for yourself.  If you want a group with masks,
I recommend https://www.meetup.com/tokyospontaneous

Commit message:

Fix link to LINE group QR code....
LIKE A BOSS!!!

content/events/2022/01/22hello-rinshi-no-mori-park-barefoot-walk-and-talk.en.md, after:

---
title: "Hello Rinshi-no-Mori Park barefoot Walk and Talk"
tags: [ "barefoot", "event", "meguro", "park", "walk", "林試の森公園" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2022-01-13T14:15:07+09:00
TimeDescription: "gather at 11:40; meet in Rinshi-no-Mori Park at 12:00"
EventDate: "2022-01-22T12:00:00+09:00"
aliases: [
    "/en/events/2022/01/22hello-rinshi-no-mori-park-barefoot-walk-and-talk",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/rinshi_no_mori_park_jan_2020.jpg" "rinshi no mori park jan 2020" %}}

Refresh your spirit. Touch the earth. Connect with nature.

Barefoot Walking Experience:

Barefoot walking, breathing, enjoying fresh air.

#### First Meeting Point

Saturday 22 January 2022, 11:40

Musashi-Koyama Station [next to Family Mart](https://goo.gl/maps/y3UrUcLu5heqNc8VA)

#### Second Meeting Point

Saturday 22 January 2022, 12:00

Circular space in [Rinshi-no-Mori Park](https://goo.gl/maps/RT2w4S4BvaHFreHM8)

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

#### Details

*Enjoy Nature*

Rinshi-no-Mori Park features
forested grounds and open spaces,
plus a stream and
playground/picnic areas.

*Enjoy Connection*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

What to Expect:

* I will talk about how to safely walk barefoot.
* We will feel asphalt, grass, and myriad other surfaces.
* Let's enjoy discovering the park together!

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

**Costs:**

500 yen

**What to bring**

Whatever you need to take care of yourself.  Come wearing lightweight
shoes and maybe a bag to carry them just in case you need to put them on
during the walk!

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!

**Covid Considerations**

You know the drill.  I know you have thought about it and I trust you
to make a good decision for yourself.  If you want a group with masks,
I recommend https://www.meetup.com/tokyospontaneous
