templates/event_templates/walk_and_talk/karakida_to_tama_center/karakida_tama_center.en.md, before:

---
title: "%s"
tags: [ %s ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: %s
EventLocation: "EVENT_LOCATION"
EventTime: "EVENT_TIME"
TimeDescription: "gather at FIRST_GATHERING_TIME; walk from Karakida at EVENT_TIME"
EventDate: "%sTEVENT_TIME:00+09:00"
aliases: [
    "/enalias_path",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "episode_image" "episode_image_alt" %}}

Connect with nature. Connect with friends.
Join us for an actual walk!  Great photo points!

Barefoot walking for ~3.7km, starting at [Karakida Station](https://goo.gl/maps/DENh4ZpPHre5L8Lc7)

Barefoot walking, great views, beautiful nature, enjoying fresh air and a lovely walk.

[![2021 Dec 04 Kyoko Andy fish bench](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/walk_and_talk/thumbs/2021_dec_04_kyoko_andy_fish_bench.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/walk_and_talk/2021_dec_04_kyoko_andy_fish_bench.jpg)

[![2021 Dec 04 Andy tree line](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/walk_and_talk/thumbs/2021_dec_04_andy_tree_line.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/walk_and_talk/2021_dec_04_andy_tree_line.jpg)

#### Meet at Karakida Station

HUMANDATE, FIRST_GATHERING_TIME

Karakida [near the wavy chrome curve](https://goo.gl/maps/DENh4ZpPHre5L8Lc7)

[![2021 nov 30 karakida meet here](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/walk_and_talk/thumbs/2021_nov_30_karakida_meet_here.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/walk_and_talk/2021_nov_30_karakida_meet_here.jpg)

#### Start walking to Nitanda Park

HUMANDATE, EVENT_TIME

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

#### Details

*Longish walk*

We'll walk ~3.7km from [Karakida Station to Tama Center Station](https://goo.gl/maps/diH14KkkkcAURACV8), likely through the following parks:

* Nitanda Park
* Tsurumaki Nishi Park
* Maronie Park
* Tsurumaki 2nd Park
* Narahara Park
* Tama Central Park

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

*Enjoy Community*

Find like-minded others who enjoy walking barefoot!

*What to Expect*

* The event is on, rain or shine.
* We'll walk from Karakida Station starting FIRST_DEPARTURE_TIME
* There are many different surfaces, from gravel to grass, water to asphalt
* Lots of nature to connect with mother earth!
* Many great photo spots!
* Meet friends, enjoy chatting, connecting

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

**Donation:**

1000 yen

**What to bring**

Whatever you need to take care of yourself.  Come wearing lightweight
shoes which you carry and wear if necessary.
If you like photography, bring a camera!

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!

Commit message:

Fix link to LINE group QR code....
LIKE A BOSS!!!

templates/event_templates/walk_and_talk/karakida_to_tama_center/karakida_tama_center.en.md, after:

---
title: "%s"
tags: [ %s ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: %s
EventLocation: "EVENT_LOCATION"
EventTime: "EVENT_TIME"
TimeDescription: "gather at FIRST_GATHERING_TIME; walk from Karakida at EVENT_TIME"
EventDate: "%sTEVENT_TIME:00+09:00"
aliases: [
    "/enalias_path",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "episode_image" "episode_image_alt" %}}

Connect with nature. Connect with friends.
Join us for an actual walk!  Great photo points!

Barefoot walking for ~3.7km, starting at [Karakida Station](https://goo.gl/maps/DENh4ZpPHre5L8Lc7)

Barefoot walking, great views, beautiful nature, enjoying fresh air and a lovely walk.

[![2021 Dec 04 Kyoko Andy fish bench](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/walk_and_talk/thumbs/2021_dec_04_kyoko_andy_fish_bench.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/walk_and_talk/2021_dec_04_kyoko_andy_fish_bench.jpg)

[![2021 Dec 04 Andy tree line](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/walk_and_talk/thumbs/2021_dec_04_andy_tree_line.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/walk_and_talk/2021_dec_04_andy_tree_line.jpg)

#### Meet at Karakida Station

HUMANDATE, FIRST_GATHERING_TIME

Karakida [near the wavy chrome curve](https://goo.gl/maps/DENh4ZpPHre5L8Lc7)

[![2021 nov 30 karakida meet here](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/walk_and_talk/thumbs/2021_nov_30_karakida_meet_here.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/walk_and_talk/2021_nov_30_karakida_meet_here.jpg)

#### Start walking to Nitanda Park

HUMANDATE, EVENT_TIME

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

#### Details

*Longish walk*

We'll walk ~3.7km from [Karakida Station to Tama Center Station](https://goo.gl/maps/diH14KkkkcAURACV8), likely through the following parks:

* Nitanda Park
* Tsurumaki Nishi Park
* Maronie Park
* Tsurumaki 2nd Park
* Narahara Park
* Tama Central Park

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

*Enjoy Community*

Find like-minded others who enjoy walking barefoot!

*What to Expect*

* The event is on, rain or shine.
* We'll walk from Karakida Station starting FIRST_DEPARTURE_TIME
* There are many different surfaces, from gravel to grass, water to asphalt
* Lots of nature to connect with mother earth!
* Many great photo spots!
* Meet friends, enjoy chatting, connecting

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

**Donation:**

1000 yen

**What to bring**

Whatever you need to take care of yourself.  Come wearing lightweight
shoes which you carry and wear if necessary.
If you like photography, bring a camera!

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!
