content/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/10/22day-by-day-plans-for-walking-route-330km-to-niigata.md, before:

---
title: "Day by Day plans for walking route 330km to Niigata"
tags: [ "niigata", "quest", "plot", "route", "maps", "walking", "barefoot", "plan" ]
categories: [ "blog" ]
author: Rob Nugen
draft: false
aliases: [ "/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/10/17route-plotted-over-the-mountains/" ]
date: 2020-10-22T22:02:45+09:00
---

#### Entire Route:

Here is the entire route on plotaroute.com.  The map takes a bit to load all of the meeting points.  Be sure to get in touch if you want to meet somewhere as plans are likely to change!

[22 days, walking 383km from Shin Yurigaoka to Niigata](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1189743?units=km)

[![Walking 380km from Shin Yurigaoka to Niigata](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-nov/thumbs/00_walk_380km_from_shin_yurigaoka_to_niigata.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1189743?units=km)

#### Planned Meeting Points (likely to change!):

* [Day 01.1 Walk 04km from my house (not shown) To Yomiuriland](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1344324?units=km) (4km total)

I will walk from my house to Yomiuriland, possibly via 新百合ヶ丘駅 or 百合ヶ丘駅 or neither station and just go a more direct route.

[![01 walk 04km to yomiuriland](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/01_walk_04km_to_yomiuriland.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1344324?units=km)

----

* [Day 01.2 Walk 08km From Yomiuriland To LiveMax hotel in Fuchu](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1189775?units=km) (12km total)

<!-- I was originally planning to stay next to Tama River, but that leaves a longer walk for day 2, and has no amenities. -->

It will probably be dark by the time we leave Yomiuriland, so I doubt we will be able to see much near Tama River.  But we'll cross Tama River and then walk a bit to LiveMax Hotel.  (TODO: make a reservation!)

[![02 walk 08km to LiveMax hotel in Fuchu](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-nov/thumbs/02_walk_08km_to_livemax_hotel_in_fuchu.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1189775?units=km)

----

* [Day 02.1 Walk 6.5km, LiveMax hotel to Pizza-la via Musashi Kokubunji Park](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314448?units=km) (18km total)

We will pass a couple of parks and walk near Kokubunji Station.

[![03 walk 6.5km to Pizza-la via Musashi Kokubunji Park](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-nov/thumbs/03_walk_07km_to_pizza_la.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314448?units=km)

----

* [Day 02.2 Walk 7.5km from Pizza-la To Seibuen](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314449?units=km) (26km total)
1. We will pass by the [Sewerage Museum](https://www.city.kodaira.tokyo.jp/kurashi/070/070022.html)
2. We will pass through [東村山中央公園](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Higashimurayama+chuo+Park/@35.7468342,139.458422,17.08z/)

[![04 walk 7.5km to Seibuen amusement park](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-nov/thumbs/04_walk_08km_to_seibuen.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314449?units=km)

----

* [Day 03.1 Seibuen To Fujisawa Central Park](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1189816?units=km)

[![05 walk 10km to Fujisawa central park](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/05_walk_10km_to_Fujisawa_central_park.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1189816?units=km)

----

* [Day 03.2 Walk To Aina Water Park](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1189817?units=km)

[![06 walk 14km to Aina water park](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/06_walk_14km_to_Aina_water_park.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1189817?units=km)

----

* [Day 04.1 From Aina Water Park To Strawberry Garden](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1191394?units=km)

[![07 walk 10km to Strawberry garden](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/07_walk_10km_to_Strawberry_garden.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1191394?units=km)

----

* [Day 04.2 From いちご Garden To Ranzan BBQ Tsuki River](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1191395?units=km)

[![08 walk 12km from strawberry to ranzan bbq tsuki river](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/08_walk_12km_from_strawberry_to_ranzan_bbq_tsuki_river.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1191395?units=km)

----

* [Day 05.1 BBQ Camp To Musashi Memorial Park](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314495?units=km)

[![09 walk 04km to musashi memorial park](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/09_walk_04km_to_musashi_memorial_park.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314495?units=km)

----

* [Day 05.2 Musahi Park To Italian Restaurant](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1191457?units=km)

[![10 walk 07km to Italian restaurant](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/10_walk_07km_to_Italian_restaurant.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1191457?units=km)

----

* [Day 05.3 Italian Restaurant To Arakawa](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1191458?units=km)

[![11 walk 03km Italian restaurant to Arakawa](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/11_walk_03km_Italian_restaurant_to_Arakawa.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1191458?units=km)

----

* [Day 06.1 From Arakawa To Cafe Tsumugi For Lunch](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1192659?units=km)

[![12 walk 10km to cafe tsumugi at matsuhisa station](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/12_walk_10km_to_cafe_tsumugi_at_matsuhisa_station.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1192659?units=km)

----

* [Day 06.2 Matsuhisa Station Cafe To Tone River](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1192660?units=km)

[![13 walk 11km to tone river](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/13_walk_11km_to_tone_river.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1192660?units=km)

----

* [Day 07.1 From Tone River To Kezoji Park](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1192677?units=km)

[![14 walk 09km from tone river to kezoji park](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/14_walk_09km_from_tone_river_to_kezoji_park.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1192677?units=km)

----

* [Day 07.2 From Kezoji Park To Momonoki River](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1192679?units=km)

[![15 walk 06km from kezoji park to momonoki river](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/15_walk_06km_from_kezoji_park_to_momonoki_river.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1192679?units=km)

----

* [Day 08.1 From Momonoki River To Tone River (again)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1193413?units=km)

[![16 walk 08km from momonoki river to tone river (again)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/16_walk_08km_from_momonoki_river_to_tone_river.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1193413?units=km)

----

* [Day 08.2 From Tone River To Luna Park](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1193414?units=km)

[![17 walk 03km to luna park](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/17_walk_03km_to_luna_park.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1193414?units=km)

----

* [Day 09.1 From Luna Park To Kaminodafureai Park](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1313484?units=km)

[![18 walk 11km from luna park to kaminodafureai park](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/18_walk_11km_from_luna_park_to_kaminodafureai_park.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1313484?units=km)

----

* [Day 09.2 Kaminodafureai To Shibukawa Skyland Park](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1313485?units=km)

[![19 walk 07km to shibukawa skyland park](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/19_walk_07km_to_shibukawa_skyland_park.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1313485?units=km)

----

* [Day 10.1 From Shibusawa Sky Park To Kane島 Onsen](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1313652?units=km)

[![20 walk 05km to kaneshima onsen](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/20_walk_05km_to_kaneshima_onsen.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1313652?units=km)

----

* [Day 10.2 From Kaneshima Onsen To Planet Restroom](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1313653?units=km)

[![21 walk 10km to planet restroom](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/21_walk_10km_to_planet_restroom.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1313653?units=km)

----

* [Day 10.3 From Planet Restroom To Three Parks](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1313654?units=km)

[![22 walk 03km to three parks](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/22_walk_03km_to_three_parks.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1313654?units=km)

----

* [Day 11.1 From Three Parks To ラーメンショップ月夜野店](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1313795?units=km)

[![23 walk 10km from three parks to ramen shop](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/23_walk_10km_from_three_parks_to_ramen_shop.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1313795?units=km)

----

* [Day 11.2 From Ramen To Jomokogen 駅 New Days](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1313796?units=km)

[![24 walk 03km to jomokogen station conveni](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/24_walk_03km_to_jomokogen_station_conveni.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1313796?units=km)

----

* [Day 11.3 From New Days To Granpy Sports Complex](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1313797?units=km)

[![25 walk 04km from jomokogen to granpy sports](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/25_walk_04km_from_jomokogen_to_granpy_sports.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1313797?units=km)

----

* [Day 11.4 From Granpy sports complex To Bike Course](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1313798?units=km)

[![26 walk 03km to bike course](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/26_walk_03km_to_bike_course.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1313798?units=km)

----

* [Day 12.1 Bike Place To Bungee Jump](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314317?units=km)

[![27 walk 08km to bungee jump](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/27_walk_08km_to_bungee_jump.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314317?units=km)

----

* [Day 12.2 Bungee To Koshii And Izumiya Hotels](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314318?units=km)

[![28 walk 06km from bungee jump to Koshii and Izumiya hotels](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/28_walk_06km_from_bungee_jump_to_Koshii_and_Izumiya_hotels.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314318?units=km)

----

* [Day 13.1 Hotels To Naeba](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314633?units=km)

[![29 walk 11km from hotels to naeba](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/29_walk_11km_from_hotels_to_naeba.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314633?units=km)

----

* [Day 13.2 Naeba To Dragondola](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314628?units=km)

[![30 walk 02km to dragondola](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/30_walk_02km_to_dragondola.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314628?units=km)

----

* [Day 13.3 From Dragondola To Shukuba Hot Spring](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314829?units=km)

[![31 walk 07km from dragondola to shukuba onsen](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/31_walk_07km_from_dragondola_to_shukuba_onsen.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314829?units=km)

----

* [Day 14.1 From Shukuba Hot Spring To Jackys Cafe](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314834?units=km)

[![32 walk 07km from shukuba onsen to jackys cafe](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/32_walk_07km_from_shukuba_onsen_to_jackys_cafe.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314834?units=km)

----

* [Day 14.2 From Jackys Cafe To Echigo Yuzawa Station](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314928?units=km)

[![33 walk 09km from jackys cafe to echigo yuzawa station](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/33_walk_09km_from_jackys_cafe_to_echigo_yuzawa_station.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314928?units=km)

----

* [Day 14.3 From Echigo Yuzawa Station To Ogumaya Inn](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314934?units=km)

[![34 walk 07km from echigo yuzawa to Ogumaya Inn](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/34_walk_07km_from_echigo_yuzawa_to_Ogumaya_Inn.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314934?units=km)

----

* [Day 15.1 From Ogumaya Inn To Lunch, Hopefully](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314938?units=km)

[![35 walk 06km from Ogumaya to yukokuso](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/35_walk_06km_from_Ogumaya_to_yukokuso.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314938?units=km)

----

* [Day 15.2 To Restaurants Near Ryokan](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1315530?units=km)

[![36 walk 07km to restaurants near ryokan](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/36_walk_07km_to_restaurants_near_ryokan.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1315530?units=km)

----

* [Day 15.3 To Yasuragi Yado](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1315535?units=km)

[![37 walk 04km from ryokan to yasuragi yado](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/37_walk_04km_from_ryokan_to_yasuragi_yado.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1315535?units=km)

----

* [Day 15.4 To 百年 Inn](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1315539?units=km)

[![38 walk 06km to 100 year inn](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/38_walk_06km_to_100_year_inn.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1315539?units=km)

----

* [Day 16.1 To French Restaurant In Tokamachi](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1315586?units=km)

[![39 walk 05km to French restaurant in Tokamachi](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/39_walk_05km_to_French_restaurant_in_Tokamachi.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1315586?units=km)

----

* [Day 16.2 From French Restaurant To Farm Hendon](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1315774?units=km)

[![40 walk 11km to farm hendon](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/40_walk_11km_to_farm_hendon.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1315774?units=km)

----

* [Day 17.1 From Farm Hendon To Restaurant](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1315803?units=km)

[![41 walk 03km from farm to restaurant](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/41_walk_03km_from_farm_to_restaurant.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1315803?units=km)

----

* [Day 17.2 From Restaurant Along Shinano River](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1315805?units=km)

[![42 walk 08km kinda along Shinano river](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/42_walk_08km_kinda_along_Shinano_river.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1315805?units=km)

----

* [Day 17.3 To Pizza Restaurant](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1315809?units=km)

[![43 walk 11km to pizza restaurant](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/43_walk_11km_to_pizza_restaurant.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1315809?units=km)

----

* [Day 17.4 from pizza place to sleepy by Ota River](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1319435?units=km)

[![44 walk 05 km from pizza place to sleep by ota gawa](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/44_walk_05_km_from_pizza_place_to_sleep_by_ota_gawa.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1319435?units=km)

----

* [Day 18.1 from Ota River to lunch by Nyozezo Museum](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1320373?units=km)

[![45 walk 05 km from ota river to nyozeza museum](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/45_walk_05_km_from_ota_river_to_nyozeza_museum.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1320373?units=km)

----

* [Day 18.2 from Nyozezo Museum to Kariyatagawa](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1320375?units=km)

[![46 walk 10 km from museum to kariyatagawa](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/46_walk_10_km_from_museum_to_kariyatagawa.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1320375?units=km)

----

* [Day 19.1 from Kariyatagawa to Matthew's Bistro](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1320377?units=km)

[![47 walk 04 km from kariyatagawa to matthews bistro](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/47_walk_04_km_from_kariyatagawa_to_matthews_bistro.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1320377?units=km)

----

* [Day 19.2 along Joetsu line to Tsubamesanjo hotel](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1320378?units=km)

[![48 walk 14 km along joetsu to tsubamesanjo hotel](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/48_walk_14_km_along_joetsu_to_tsubamesanjo_hotel.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1320378?units=km)

----

* [Day 20.1 from Tsubamesanjo to grocery store](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1320388?units=km)

[![49 walk 10 km from tsubamesanjo to groceries](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/49_walk_10_km_from_tsubamesanjo_to_groceries.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1320388?units=km)

----

* [Day 20.2 walk along, then sleep by Nakanokuchi River](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1320390?units=km)

[![50 walk 05 km along nakanokuchi river](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/50_walk_05_km_along_nakanokuchi_river.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1320390?units=km)

----

* [Day 21.1 walk along Nakanokuchi river to cafe](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1320688?units=km)

[![51 walk 08 km along nakanokuchi river to cafe](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/51_walk_08_km_along_nakanokuchi_river_to_cafe.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1320688?units=km)

----

* [Day 21.2 walk between rice fields then sleep between rivers](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1320692?units=km)

[![52 walk 06 km between rice fields to sleep between rivers](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/52_walk_06_km_between_rice_fields_to_sleep_between_rivers.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1320692?units=km)

----

* [Day 22 walk up spiral steps then to Niigata Station](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1320394?units=km)

[![53 walk 09 km from staircase to niigata station](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/53_walk_09_km_from_staircase_to_niigata_station.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1320394?units=km)

Commit message:

added Google Map to quests

content/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/10/22day-by-day-plans-for-walking-route-330km-to-niigata.md, after:

---
title: "Day by Day plans for walking route 330km to Niigata"
tags: [ "niigata", "quest", "plot", "route", "maps", "walking", "barefoot", "plan" ]
categories: [ "quests" ]
author: Rob Nugen
draft: false
aliases: [ "/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/10/17route-plotted-over-the-mountains/" ]
date: 2020-12-13T12:02:45+09:00
---

#### Meeting points:

Here are the meeting points on Google Maps.  They are likely to change so be sure to get in touch if you want to meet somewhere!

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/embed?mid=1ccCdmHbV1RTwKH9qKbBe531jRQ3Bsf2F" width="640" height="480"></iframe>

#### Entire Route:

Here is the entire route on plotaroute.com.  The map takes a bit to load all of the meeting points.  Be sure to get in touch if you want to meet somewhere as plans are likely to change!

[22 days, walking 383km from Shin Yurigaoka to Niigata](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1189743?units=km)

[![Walking 380km from Shin Yurigaoka to Niigata](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-nov/thumbs/00_walk_380km_from_shin_yurigaoka_to_niigata.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1189743?units=km)

#### Planned Meeting Points (likely to change!):

* [Day 01.1 Walk 04km from my house (not shown) To Yomiuriland](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1344324?units=km) (4km total)

I will walk from my house to Yomiuriland, possibly via 新百合ヶ丘駅 or 百合ヶ丘駅 or neither station and just go a more direct route.

[![01 walk 04km to yomiuriland](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/01_walk_04km_to_yomiuriland.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1344324?units=km)

----

* [Day 01.2 Walk 08km From Yomiuriland To LiveMax hotel in Fuchu](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1189775?units=km) (12km total)

<!-- I was originally planning to stay next to Tama River, but that leaves a longer walk for day 2, and has no amenities. -->

It will probably be dark by the time we leave Yomiuriland, so I doubt we will be able to see much near Tama River.  But we'll cross Tama River and then walk a bit to LiveMax Hotel.  (TODO: make a reservation!)

[![02 walk 08km to LiveMax hotel in Fuchu](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-nov/thumbs/02_walk_08km_to_livemax_hotel_in_fuchu.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1189775?units=km)

----

* [Day 02.1 Walk 6.5km, LiveMax hotel to Pizza-la via Musashi Kokubunji Park](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314448?units=km) (18km total)

We will pass a couple of parks and walk near Kokubunji Station.

[![03 walk 6.5km to Pizza-la via Musashi Kokubunji Park](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-nov/thumbs/03_walk_07km_to_pizza_la.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314448?units=km)

----

* [Day 02.2 Walk 7.5km from Pizza-la To Seibuen](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314449?units=km) (26km total)
1. We will pass by the [Sewerage Museum](https://www.city.kodaira.tokyo.jp/kurashi/070/070022.html)
2. We will pass through [東村山中央公園](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Higashimurayama+chuo+Park/@35.7468342,139.458422,17.08z/)

[![04 walk 7.5km to Seibuen amusement park](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-nov/thumbs/04_walk_08km_to_seibuen.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314449?units=km)

----

* [Day 03.1 Seibuen To Fujisawa Central Park](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1189816?units=km)

[![05 walk 10km to Fujisawa central park](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/05_walk_10km_to_Fujisawa_central_park.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1189816?units=km)

----

* [Day 03.2 Walk To Aina Water Park](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1189817?units=km)

[![06 walk 14km to Aina water park](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/06_walk_14km_to_Aina_water_park.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1189817?units=km)

----

* [Day 04.1 From Aina Water Park To Strawberry Garden](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1191394?units=km)

[![07 walk 10km to Strawberry garden](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/07_walk_10km_to_Strawberry_garden.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1191394?units=km)

----

* [Day 04.2 From いちご Garden To Ranzan BBQ Tsuki River](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1191395?units=km)

[![08 walk 12km from strawberry to ranzan bbq tsuki river](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/08_walk_12km_from_strawberry_to_ranzan_bbq_tsuki_river.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1191395?units=km)

----

* [Day 05.1 BBQ Camp To Musashi Memorial Park](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314495?units=km)

[![09 walk 04km to musashi memorial park](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/09_walk_04km_to_musashi_memorial_park.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314495?units=km)

----

* [Day 05.2 Musahi Park To Italian Restaurant](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1191457?units=km)

[![10 walk 07km to Italian restaurant](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/10_walk_07km_to_Italian_restaurant.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1191457?units=km)

----

* [Day 05.3 Italian Restaurant To Arakawa](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1191458?units=km)

[![11 walk 03km Italian restaurant to Arakawa](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/11_walk_03km_Italian_restaurant_to_Arakawa.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1191458?units=km)

----

* [Day 06.1 From Arakawa To Cafe Tsumugi For Lunch](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1192659?units=km)

[![12 walk 10km to cafe tsumugi at matsuhisa station](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/12_walk_10km_to_cafe_tsumugi_at_matsuhisa_station.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1192659?units=km)

----

* [Day 06.2 Matsuhisa Station Cafe To Tone River](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1192660?units=km)

[![13 walk 11km to tone river](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/13_walk_11km_to_tone_river.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1192660?units=km)

----

* [Day 07.1 From Tone River To Kezoji Park](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1192677?units=km)

[![14 walk 09km from tone river to kezoji park](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/14_walk_09km_from_tone_river_to_kezoji_park.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1192677?units=km)

----

* [Day 07.2 From Kezoji Park To Momonoki River](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1192679?units=km)

[![15 walk 06km from kezoji park to momonoki river](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/15_walk_06km_from_kezoji_park_to_momonoki_river.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1192679?units=km)

----

* [Day 08.1 From Momonoki River To Tone River (again)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1193413?units=km)

[![16 walk 08km from momonoki river to tone river (again)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/16_walk_08km_from_momonoki_river_to_tone_river.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1193413?units=km)

----

* [Day 08.2 From Tone River To Luna Park](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1193414?units=km)

[![17 walk 03km to luna park](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/17_walk_03km_to_luna_park.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1193414?units=km)

----

* [Day 09.1 From Luna Park To Kaminodafureai Park](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1313484?units=km)

[![18 walk 11km from luna park to kaminodafureai park](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/18_walk_11km_from_luna_park_to_kaminodafureai_park.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1313484?units=km)

----

* [Day 09.2 Kaminodafureai To Shibukawa Skyland Park](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1313485?units=km)

[![19 walk 07km to shibukawa skyland park](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/19_walk_07km_to_shibukawa_skyland_park.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1313485?units=km)

----

* [Day 10.1 From Shibusawa Sky Park To Kane島 Onsen](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1313652?units=km)

[![20 walk 05km to kaneshima onsen](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/20_walk_05km_to_kaneshima_onsen.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1313652?units=km)

----

* [Day 10.2 From Kaneshima Onsen To Planet Restroom](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1313653?units=km)

[![21 walk 10km to planet restroom](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/21_walk_10km_to_planet_restroom.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1313653?units=km)

----

* [Day 10.3 From Planet Restroom To Three Parks](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1313654?units=km)

[![22 walk 03km to three parks](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/22_walk_03km_to_three_parks.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1313654?units=km)

----

* [Day 11.1 From Three Parks To ラーメンショップ月夜野店](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1313795?units=km)

[![23 walk 10km from three parks to ramen shop](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/23_walk_10km_from_three_parks_to_ramen_shop.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1313795?units=km)

----

* [Day 11.2 From Ramen To Jomokogen 駅 New Days](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1313796?units=km)

[![24 walk 03km to jomokogen station conveni](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/24_walk_03km_to_jomokogen_station_conveni.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1313796?units=km)

----

* [Day 11.3 From New Days To Granpy Sports Complex](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1313797?units=km)

[![25 walk 04km from jomokogen to granpy sports](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/25_walk_04km_from_jomokogen_to_granpy_sports.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1313797?units=km)

----

* [Day 11.4 From Granpy sports complex To Bike Course](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1313798?units=km)

[![26 walk 03km to bike course](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/26_walk_03km_to_bike_course.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1313798?units=km)

----

* [Day 12.1 Bike Place To Bungee Jump](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314317?units=km)

[![27 walk 08km to bungee jump](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/27_walk_08km_to_bungee_jump.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314317?units=km)

----

* [Day 12.2 Bungee To Koshii And Izumiya Hotels](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314318?units=km)

[![28 walk 06km from bungee jump to Koshii and Izumiya hotels](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/28_walk_06km_from_bungee_jump_to_Koshii_and_Izumiya_hotels.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314318?units=km)

----

* [Day 13.1 Hotels To Naeba](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314633?units=km)

[![29 walk 11km from hotels to naeba](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/29_walk_11km_from_hotels_to_naeba.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314633?units=km)

----

* [Day 13.2 Naeba To Dragondola](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314628?units=km)

[![30 walk 02km to dragondola](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/30_walk_02km_to_dragondola.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314628?units=km)

----

* [Day 13.3 From Dragondola To Shukuba Hot Spring](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314829?units=km)

[![31 walk 07km from dragondola to shukuba onsen](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/31_walk_07km_from_dragondola_to_shukuba_onsen.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314829?units=km)

----

* [Day 14.1 From Shukuba Hot Spring To Jackys Cafe](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314834?units=km)

[![32 walk 07km from shukuba onsen to jackys cafe](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/32_walk_07km_from_shukuba_onsen_to_jackys_cafe.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314834?units=km)

----

* [Day 14.2 From Jackys Cafe To Echigo Yuzawa Station](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314928?units=km)

[![33 walk 09km from jackys cafe to echigo yuzawa station](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/33_walk_09km_from_jackys_cafe_to_echigo_yuzawa_station.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314928?units=km)

----

* [Day 14.3 From Echigo Yuzawa Station To Ogumaya Inn](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314934?units=km)

[![34 walk 07km from echigo yuzawa to Ogumaya Inn](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/34_walk_07km_from_echigo_yuzawa_to_Ogumaya_Inn.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314934?units=km)

----

* [Day 15.1 From Ogumaya Inn To Lunch, Hopefully](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314938?units=km)

[![35 walk 06km from Ogumaya to yukokuso](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/35_walk_06km_from_Ogumaya_to_yukokuso.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1314938?units=km)

----

* [Day 15.2 To Restaurants Near Ryokan](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1315530?units=km)

[![36 walk 07km to restaurants near ryokan](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/36_walk_07km_to_restaurants_near_ryokan.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1315530?units=km)

----

* [Day 15.3 To Yasuragi Yado](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1315535?units=km)

[![37 walk 04km from ryokan to yasuragi yado](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/37_walk_04km_from_ryokan_to_yasuragi_yado.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1315535?units=km)

----

* [Day 15.4 To 百年 Inn](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1315539?units=km)

[![38 walk 06km to 100 year inn](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/38_walk_06km_to_100_year_inn.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1315539?units=km)

----

* [Day 16.1 To French Restaurant In Tokamachi](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1315586?units=km)

[![39 walk 05km to French restaurant in Tokamachi](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/39_walk_05km_to_French_restaurant_in_Tokamachi.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1315586?units=km)

----

* [Day 16.2 From French Restaurant To Farm Hendon](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1315774?units=km)

[![40 walk 11km to farm hendon](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/40_walk_11km_to_farm_hendon.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1315774?units=km)

----

* [Day 17.1 From Farm Hendon To Restaurant](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1315803?units=km)

[![41 walk 03km from farm to restaurant](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/41_walk_03km_from_farm_to_restaurant.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1315803?units=km)

----

* [Day 17.2 From Restaurant Along Shinano River](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1315805?units=km)

[![42 walk 08km kinda along Shinano river](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/42_walk_08km_kinda_along_Shinano_river.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1315805?units=km)

----

* [Day 17.3 To Pizza Restaurant](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1315809?units=km)

[![43 walk 11km to pizza restaurant](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/43_walk_11km_to_pizza_restaurant.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1315809?units=km)

----

* [Day 17.4 from pizza place to sleepy by Ota River](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1319435?units=km)

[![44 walk 05 km from pizza place to sleep by ota gawa](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/44_walk_05_km_from_pizza_place_to_sleep_by_ota_gawa.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1319435?units=km)

----

* [Day 18.1 from Ota River to lunch by Nyozezo Museum](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1320373?units=km)

[![45 walk 05 km from ota river to nyozeza museum](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/45_walk_05_km_from_ota_river_to_nyozeza_museum.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1320373?units=km)

----

* [Day 18.2 from Nyozezo Museum to Kariyatagawa](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1320375?units=km)

[![46 walk 10 km from museum to kariyatagawa](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/46_walk_10_km_from_museum_to_kariyatagawa.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1320375?units=km)

----

* [Day 19.1 from Kariyatagawa to Matthew's Bistro](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1320377?units=km)

[![47 walk 04 km from kariyatagawa to matthews bistro](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/47_walk_04_km_from_kariyatagawa_to_matthews_bistro.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1320377?units=km)

----

* [Day 19.2 along Joetsu line to Tsubamesanjo hotel](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1320378?units=km)

[![48 walk 14 km along joetsu to tsubamesanjo hotel](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/48_walk_14_km_along_joetsu_to_tsubamesanjo_hotel.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1320378?units=km)

----

* [Day 20.1 from Tsubamesanjo to grocery store](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1320388?units=km)

[![49 walk 10 km from tsubamesanjo to groceries](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/49_walk_10_km_from_tsubamesanjo_to_groceries.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1320388?units=km)

----

* [Day 20.2 walk along, then sleep by Nakanokuchi River](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1320390?units=km)

[![50 walk 05 km along nakanokuchi river](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/50_walk_05_km_along_nakanokuchi_river.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1320390?units=km)

----

* [Day 21.1 walk along Nakanokuchi river to cafe](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1320688?units=km)

[![51 walk 08 km along nakanokuchi river to cafe](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/51_walk_08_km_along_nakanokuchi_river_to_cafe.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1320688?units=km)

----

* [Day 21.2 walk between rice fields then sleep between rivers](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1320692?units=km)

[![52 walk 06 km between rice fields to sleep between rivers](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/52_walk_06_km_between_rice_fields_to_sleep_between_rivers.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1320692?units=km)

----

* [Day 22 walk up spiral steps then to Niigata Station](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1320394?units=km)

[![53 walk 09 km from staircase to niigata station](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2020/route_plans/as-of-oct/thumbs/53_walk_09_km_from_staircase_to_niigata_station.png)](https://www.plotaroute.com/route/1320394?units=km)
