content/blog/2020/10/01blogtober.md, before:

---
title: "Blogtober"
tags: [ "tlbs" ]
categories: [ "blog" ]
author: Rob Nugen
draft: false
date: 2020-10-01T09:28:47+09:00
---

My template at `~/.emacs.d/personal/hugo/templates/blog_template.txt`
for these blog entries looks like this


```
---
title: "%s"
tags: [ %s ]
categories: [ "blog" ]
author: Rob Nugen
draft: true
date: %s-%s-%sT%s
---
```

Now I am going to make it `draft: false` as I am now starting
Blogtober, inspired by Col on Thought Leaders Business School.

He talked about making decisions, and suggested some topics about
which we *could* possibly make decisions:

**What's a decision you could make around**

* information diet
* work environment
* smart phone use
* list building
* societal contributions
* personal brand
* approaches and meetings
* friends and family
* intellectual property development
* environmental impact
* self care

He talked about decisions as being the nexus between Conundrum and
Action.

[![2020 oct 01 decision cycle](//b.robnugen.com/tlbs/2020/thumbs/2020_oct_01_decision_cycle.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/tlbs/2020/2020_oct_01_decision_cycle.jpg)

Looking over our lists of possible decisions points, we found some we
could merge so that one decision could be made that positively
affected two different topics.

For me, I found three I could merge:

* work environment + personal brand => clean my room
* societal contribution + environmental impact => walk more
* idle click games + ip development => more pink sheets

[![2020 oct 01 decision topics](//b.robnugen.com/tlbs/2020/thumbs/2020_oct_01_decision_topics.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/tlbs/2020/2020_oct_01_decision_topics.jpg)

So with the first one in mind, I am going to offer some of my books to
people and others on FB to whoever might want them.

Commit message:

I had had this at the top of the blog entry but it looks messy there

content/blog/2020/10/01blogtober.md, after:

---
title: "Blogtober"
tags: [ "tlbs" ]
categories: [ "tlbs" ]
author: Rob Nugen
draft: false
date: 2020-10-01T09:28:47+09:00
---

I have decided to join Blogtober, during which I post a blog entry per
day (even if they are short), inspired by Col on Thought Leaders
Business School.

He talked about making decisions, and suggested some topics about
which we *could* possibly make decisions:

**What's a decision you could make around**

* information diet
* work environment
* smart phone use
* list building
* societal contributions
* personal brand
* approaches and meetings
* friends and family
* intellectual property development
* environmental impact
* self care

He talked about decisions as being the nexus between Conundrum and
Action.

[![2020 oct 01 decision cycle](//b.robnugen.com/tlbs/2020/thumbs/2020_oct_01_decision_cycle.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/tlbs/2020/2020_oct_01_decision_cycle.jpg)

Looking over our lists of possible decisions points, we found some we
could merge so that one decision could be made that positively
affected two different topics.

For me, I found three I could merge:

* work environment + personal brand => clean my room
* societal contribution + environmental impact => walk more
* idle click games + ip development => more pink sheets

[![2020 oct 01 decision topics](//b.robnugen.com/tlbs/2020/thumbs/2020_oct_01_decision_topics.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/tlbs/2020/2020_oct_01_decision_topics.jpg)

So with the first one in mind, I am going to offer some of my books to
people and others on FB to whoever might want them.
