content/events/2021/04/18walking-meditation-in-higashimurayama-chuo-park.md, before:

---
title: "Walking Meditation in Higashimurayama Chuo Park"
tags: [ "event", "meditation", "afternoon", "higashimurayama", "walk" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2021-04-03T12:34:59+09:00
TimeDescription: "gather at 14:00"
EventDate: "2021-04-18"
Aliases: [
    "/events/2021/04/18walking-meditation-in-higashimurayama-chuo-park/",
]
---

<img
src="//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/route_plans/2021_apr_03_higashimurayama_park.png"
alt="Higashimurayama Chuo Park"
class="title" />

Refresh your spirit. Connect with nature.  Enjoy walking mindfully.

(Barefoot?) Walking Experience:

Meditation, walking, breathing, enjoy nature.

#### When?

Sunday 18 April 2021. **Gather at 14:00.** Start walking at 14:15 from Higashimurayama Shiritsu Fujimi Community Center.

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

#### Where?

Start near **Higashimurayama Shiritsu Fujimi Community Center**

Meet outside the
[community center](https://goo.gl/maps/isFiuifJALBYSKWB6) (closest station: [八坂駅](https://goo.gl/maps/eHmyraX1NJzbyt6CA)
([Yasaka Station](https://goo.gl/maps/eHmyraX1NJzbyt6CA)))

Walking meditation for 45 minutes in
[東村山中央公園](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Higashimurayama+chuo+Park/@35.7468342,139.458422,17.08z/) ([Higashimurayama Chuo Park](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Higashimurayama+chuo+Park/@35.7468342,139.458422,17.08z/))

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

#### Details

This will be the
second
"official" Walking Meditation event during Barefoot Rob's walk across Japan.

*Enjoy Nature*

We will spend about 45 minutes in [Higashimurayama Chuo Park](https://goo.gl/maps/KuXtp2u1ZGeWv9bc9), which looks like it has lots of space surrounded by trees and greenery.

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

14:00pm Meet outside the [community center](https://goo.gl/maps/isFiuifJALBYSKWB6) (closest station:
[八坂駅](https://goo.gl/maps/eHmyraX1NJzbyt6CA)
([Yasaka Station](https://goo.gl/maps/eHmyraX1NJzbyt6CA)))

14:15 - 15:00 walk around the park and back to the same community center

#### What to Expect:

* We will walk from 14:15pm until about 15:00.
* I will guide us in meditation, including walking meditation.
* Feel free to take off your shoes; whatever makes you comfortable.
* Welcome to continue walking and join [5pm walking meditation event](/events/2021/04/18walking-meditation-along-lake-near-seibuen-amusement-park/)

The weather will likely be great for walking, though it may get chilly if you join us for the [5pm walking meditation event](/events/2021/04/18walking-meditation-along-lake-near-seibuen-amusement-park/)!

**Costs:**

free! (donations accepted)

**What to bring**

You may want to wear layers to keep yourself
comfortable.  Come wearing lightweight shoes and maybe a bag for them
just in case you need to put them on during the walk!

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!

Commit message:

Fix link to LINE group QR code....
LIKE A BOSS!!!

content/events/2021/04/18walking-meditation-in-higashimurayama-chuo-park.md, after:

---
title: "Walking Meditation in Higashimurayama Chuo Park"
tags: [ "event", "meditation", "afternoon", "higashimurayama", "walk" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2021-04-03T12:34:59+09:00
TimeDescription: "gather at 14:00"
EventDate: "2021-04-18"
Aliases: [
    "/events/2021/04/18walking-meditation-in-higashimurayama-chuo-park/",
]
---

<img
src="//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/route_plans/2021_apr_03_higashimurayama_park.png"
alt="Higashimurayama Chuo Park"
class="title" />

Refresh your spirit. Connect with nature.  Enjoy walking mindfully.

(Barefoot?) Walking Experience:

Meditation, walking, breathing, enjoy nature.

#### When?

Sunday 18 April 2021. **Gather at 14:00.** Start walking at 14:15 from Higashimurayama Shiritsu Fujimi Community Center.

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

#### Where?

Start near **Higashimurayama Shiritsu Fujimi Community Center**

Meet outside the
[community center](https://goo.gl/maps/isFiuifJALBYSKWB6) (closest station: [八坂駅](https://goo.gl/maps/eHmyraX1NJzbyt6CA)
([Yasaka Station](https://goo.gl/maps/eHmyraX1NJzbyt6CA)))

Walking meditation for 45 minutes in
[東村山中央公園](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Higashimurayama+chuo+Park/@35.7468342,139.458422,17.08z/) ([Higashimurayama Chuo Park](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Higashimurayama+chuo+Park/@35.7468342,139.458422,17.08z/))

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

#### Details

This will be the
second
"official" Walking Meditation event during Barefoot Rob's walk across Japan.

*Enjoy Nature*

We will spend about 45 minutes in [Higashimurayama Chuo Park](https://goo.gl/maps/KuXtp2u1ZGeWv9bc9), which looks like it has lots of space surrounded by trees and greenery.

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

14:00pm Meet outside the [community center](https://goo.gl/maps/isFiuifJALBYSKWB6) (closest station:
[八坂駅](https://goo.gl/maps/eHmyraX1NJzbyt6CA)
([Yasaka Station](https://goo.gl/maps/eHmyraX1NJzbyt6CA)))

14:15 - 15:00 walk around the park and back to the same community center

#### What to Expect:

* We will walk from 14:15pm until about 15:00.
* I will guide us in meditation, including walking meditation.
* Feel free to take off your shoes; whatever makes you comfortable.
* Welcome to continue walking and join [5pm walking meditation event](/events/2021/04/18walking-meditation-along-lake-near-seibuen-amusement-park/)

The weather will likely be great for walking, though it may get chilly if you join us for the [5pm walking meditation event](/events/2021/04/18walking-meditation-along-lake-near-seibuen-amusement-park/)!

**Costs:**

free! (donations accepted)

**What to bring**

You may want to wear layers to keep yourself
comfortable.  Come wearing lightweight shoes and maybe a bag for them
just in case you need to put them on during the walk!

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!
