content/events/2021/04/18walking-meditation-along-lake-near-seibuen-amusement-park.md, before:

---
title: "Walking Meditation along Lake Tama (near Seibuen Amusement Park)"
tags: [ "event", "lake", "meditation", "evening", "seibuen", "walk" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2021-04-03T17:34:59+09:00
episode_image: https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/walk_along_lake.png
episode_thumbnail: "https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/walk_along_lake.png"
TimeDescription: "gather at 17:15; walk from Seibuen Amusement Park at 17:30"
EventDate: "2021-04-18"
Aliases: [
    "/events/2021/04/18walking-meditation-along-lake-near-seibuen-amusement-park"
]
---

<img
src="https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/walk_along_lake.png"
alt="Pathway beside Tama Lake"
class="title" />

Refresh your spirit. Connect with nature.  Enjoy walking mindfully.

(Barefoot?) Walking Experience:

Meditation, walking, breathing, enjoying lake view I hope!

#### When?

Sunday 18 April 2021. **Gather at 17:15.** Start walking at 17:30.

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

#### Where?

Start near **Seibuen Amusement Park**

Meet by the
[clock tower](https://goo.gl/maps/FP3U2rAr4mJEkPk79)
near
[西武園ゆうえんち駅](https://goo.gl/maps/rdwjQrbXXEySLSyK8)
([Yuenchinishi Station](https://goo.gl/maps/rdwjQrbXXEySLSyK8))

[Walk 3.5km](https://goo.gl/maps/YQz9QjjRxkcBzrRk9)
from
[Yuenchinishi Station](https://goo.gl/maps/rdwjQrbXXEySLSyK8)
to
[西武球場前駅](https://goo.gl/maps/XfnuDS8i2bDs4khu6) ([Seibukyujo-mae Station](https://goo.gl/maps/XfnuDS8i2bDs4khu6))
by
about 18:30pm

Click map image below for the walking meditation route:

[![2021 apr 08 map of walk along tamako 3rd walkin meditation](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/route_plans/thumbs/2021_apr_09_map_of_walk_along_tamako_3rd_walkin_meditation.png)](https://goo.gl/maps/gS2jRFGeqWEvFk85A)

**Note:** _This walk is not round trip!_

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

#### Details

This will be the
third
"official" Walking Meditation event during Barefoot Rob's walk across Japan.

(beforehand, feel free to join us in Seibuen Amusement Park!)

Please note this is a "one way" walk from
[Yuenchinishi Station](https://goo.gl/maps/rdwjQrbXXEySLSyK8)
to
[Seibukyujo-mae Station](https://goo.gl/maps/XfnuDS8i2bDs4khu6),
about
3.5km
away.

*Enjoy Nature*

We will [walk 3.5km along a trail near Tama Lake](https://goo.gl/maps/YQz9QjjRxkcBzrRk9), which looks like it has lots of trees and greenery.  (See pic above!)

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

17:15pm Meet by the [clock tower](https://goo.gl/maps/FP3U2rAr4mJEkPk79)
near
[西武園ゆうえんち駅](https://goo.gl/maps/rdwjQrbXXEySLSyK8)
([Yuenchinishi Station](https://goo.gl/maps/rdwjQrbXXEySLSyK8))

17:30: Walk [out this gate](https://goo.gl/maps/x8D8Sf2hPPF7DcoB9) and then along the lake!

?? possibly see [Sayama indoor ski ground](https://goo.gl/maps/kzsaG2Qfmyqa71xx8)!  Not to ski, just to see.

?? possibly see [Lily Garden of Tokorozawa](https://goo.gl/maps/7KcCTstSxGkCkzPV9)

18:30? arrive at [Seibukyujo-mae Station](https://goo.gl/maps/XfnuDS8i2bDs4khu6)

#### What to Expect:

* We will walk from 17:30pm until about 18:30.
* Our destination station is different than the starting point!
* I will guide us in meditation, including walking meditation.
* Feel free to take off your shoes; whatever makes you comfortable.

Though it may get chilly in the evening, the weather will likely be great for walking.

**Costs:**

free! (donations accepted)

**What to bring**

You may want to wear layers to keep yourself
comfortable.  Come wearing lightweight shoes and maybe a bag for them
just in case you need to put them on during the walk!

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!

Commit message:

Fix link to LINE group QR code....
LIKE A BOSS!!!

content/events/2021/04/18walking-meditation-along-lake-near-seibuen-amusement-park.md, after:

---
title: "Walking Meditation along Lake Tama (near Seibuen Amusement Park)"
tags: [ "event", "lake", "meditation", "evening", "seibuen", "walk" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2021-04-03T17:34:59+09:00
episode_image: https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/walk_along_lake.png
episode_thumbnail: "https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/walk_along_lake.png"
TimeDescription: "gather at 17:15; walk from Seibuen Amusement Park at 17:30"
EventDate: "2021-04-18"
Aliases: [
    "/events/2021/04/18walking-meditation-along-lake-near-seibuen-amusement-park"
]
---

<img
src="https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/walk_along_lake.png"
alt="Pathway beside Tama Lake"
class="title" />

Refresh your spirit. Connect with nature.  Enjoy walking mindfully.

(Barefoot?) Walking Experience:

Meditation, walking, breathing, enjoying lake view I hope!

#### When?

Sunday 18 April 2021. **Gather at 17:15.** Start walking at 17:30.

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

#### Where?

Start near **Seibuen Amusement Park**

Meet by the
[clock tower](https://goo.gl/maps/FP3U2rAr4mJEkPk79)
near
[西武園ゆうえんち駅](https://goo.gl/maps/rdwjQrbXXEySLSyK8)
([Yuenchinishi Station](https://goo.gl/maps/rdwjQrbXXEySLSyK8))

[Walk 3.5km](https://goo.gl/maps/YQz9QjjRxkcBzrRk9)
from
[Yuenchinishi Station](https://goo.gl/maps/rdwjQrbXXEySLSyK8)
to
[西武球場前駅](https://goo.gl/maps/XfnuDS8i2bDs4khu6) ([Seibukyujo-mae Station](https://goo.gl/maps/XfnuDS8i2bDs4khu6))
by
about 18:30pm

Click map image below for the walking meditation route:

[![2021 apr 08 map of walk along tamako 3rd walkin meditation](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/route_plans/thumbs/2021_apr_09_map_of_walk_along_tamako_3rd_walkin_meditation.png)](https://goo.gl/maps/gS2jRFGeqWEvFk85A)

**Note:** _This walk is not round trip!_

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

#### Details

This will be the
third
"official" Walking Meditation event during Barefoot Rob's walk across Japan.

(beforehand, feel free to join us in Seibuen Amusement Park!)

Please note this is a "one way" walk from
[Yuenchinishi Station](https://goo.gl/maps/rdwjQrbXXEySLSyK8)
to
[Seibukyujo-mae Station](https://goo.gl/maps/XfnuDS8i2bDs4khu6),
about
3.5km
away.

*Enjoy Nature*

We will [walk 3.5km along a trail near Tama Lake](https://goo.gl/maps/YQz9QjjRxkcBzrRk9), which looks like it has lots of trees and greenery.  (See pic above!)

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

17:15pm Meet by the [clock tower](https://goo.gl/maps/FP3U2rAr4mJEkPk79)
near
[西武園ゆうえんち駅](https://goo.gl/maps/rdwjQrbXXEySLSyK8)
([Yuenchinishi Station](https://goo.gl/maps/rdwjQrbXXEySLSyK8))

17:30: Walk [out this gate](https://goo.gl/maps/x8D8Sf2hPPF7DcoB9) and then along the lake!

?? possibly see [Sayama indoor ski ground](https://goo.gl/maps/kzsaG2Qfmyqa71xx8)!  Not to ski, just to see.

?? possibly see [Lily Garden of Tokorozawa](https://goo.gl/maps/7KcCTstSxGkCkzPV9)

18:30? arrive at [Seibukyujo-mae Station](https://goo.gl/maps/XfnuDS8i2bDs4khu6)

#### What to Expect:

* We will walk from 17:30pm until about 18:30.
* Our destination station is different than the starting point!
* I will guide us in meditation, including walking meditation.
* Feel free to take off your shoes; whatever makes you comfortable.

Though it may get chilly in the evening, the weather will likely be great for walking.

**Costs:**

free! (donations accepted)

**What to bring**

You may want to wear layers to keep yourself
comfortable.  Come wearing lightweight shoes and maybe a bag for them
just in case you need to put them on during the walk!

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!
