content/events/2021/04/19walking-meditation-in-sayama-inariyama-prefectural-park-saitama.md, before:

---
title: "Walking Meditation in Sayama Inariyama Prefectural Park, Saitama"
tags: [ "event", "sayama", "inariyama", "meditation", "saitama", "walk" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2021-04-08T21:20:33+09:00
TimeDescription: "gather at 2pm; begin walking 2:15pm"
EventDate: "2021-04-19"
Aliases: [
    "/events/2021/04/19walking-meditation-in-sayama-inariyama-prefectural-park-saitama"
]
---

<img
src="//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/route_plans/2021_apr_08_sayama_inariyama_prefectural_park.png"
alt="Google Street View Sayama Inariyama Prefectural Park"
class="title" />

Refresh your spirit. Touch the earth. Connect with nature.

Meditative Walking Experience:

Meditation, walking, breathing, enjoying fresh air.

#### When

**gather at 2pm at [Inariyama-Koen Station Popura](https://goo.gl/maps/aHkjr59UwQpWm6rZA)** (convenience store) 19 April 2021

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

#### Where

Meet at the North Exit of [Inariyamakoen Station](https://goo.gl/maps/4ymu2KpquokpdPvF7) (on Ikebukuro Line)
by [Popura Inariyamaten](https://goo.gl/maps/aHkjr59UwQpWm6rZA)  https://goo.gl/maps/aHkjr59UwQpWm6rZA

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

#### Details

This will be the
fourth
"official" Walking Meditation event during Barefoot Rob's walk across Japan.

[狭山稲荷山公園](https://goo.gl/maps/9nzuPE2mMHwJStxa7) ([Sayama Inariyama Prefectural Park](https://goo.gl/maps/9nzuPE2mMHwJStxa7)) seems like a nice park for walking, so let's enjoy a walking meditation.

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

*Enjoy Nature*

Looks like this park has lots of big beautiful trees covering a large area. (see the image above!)

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

What to Expect (April 19th, 2021):

* 2pm: Meet at [Popura Inariyamaten](https://goo.gl/maps/aHkjr59UwQpWm6rZA)
* 2:15pm: walk to [this entrance](https://goo.gl/maps/dDGdFSqqQ6HXnML69)
* 2:30pm: Walking meditation for 45 minutes
* I will guide us in meditation, including walking meditation.
* Feel free to take off your shoes; whatever makes you comfortable.

Walking meditation for 45 minutes in
[狭山稲荷山公園](https://goo.gl/maps/9nzuPE2mMHwJStxa7) ([Sayama Inariyama Prefectural Park](https://goo.gl/maps/9nzuPE2mMHwJStxa7))

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

Afterward, you are welcome to join me [walking 4.5km](https://goo.gl/maps/B26MzPgV4DwgjFbB7) to [Sayama City Chikozan Park Children’s Zoo](https://goo.gl/maps/xZoNBYWNHmd2gqfBA)

**Costs:**

free! (donations accepted)

not sure if the Zoo costs anything to enter http://www.parks.or.jp/chikozan/guide/000/000867.html

**What to bring**

Whatever you need to take care of yourself.  Come wearing lightweight shoes and maybe a bag for them
just in case you need to put them on during the walk!

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!

**Covid Considerations**

COVID-19 Infection Prevention Measures in the park

To prevent the spread of coronavirus infection in the park, we ask all visitors to take the following measures.

● When you have cold symptoms such as fever and coughs, please refrain from visiting the park.

● Please wear a face mask and follow cough etiquette.

● Please frequently wash your hands with soap and water and use hand sanitizers.

● Please keep your distance ( about 2 meters ) from other visitors.

● Please refrain from visiting with a large group of people.

● To avoid congestion, please refrain from using large picnic blankets. ( one side: larger than 2 meters )

● Please refrain from visiting with a large group of people.

Commit message:

Fix link to LINE group QR code....
LIKE A BOSS!!!

content/events/2021/04/19walking-meditation-in-sayama-inariyama-prefectural-park-saitama.md, after:

---
title: "Walking Meditation in Sayama Inariyama Prefectural Park, Saitama"
tags: [ "event", "sayama", "inariyama", "meditation", "saitama", "walk" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2021-04-08T21:20:33+09:00
TimeDescription: "gather at 2pm; begin walking 2:15pm"
EventDate: "2021-04-19"
Aliases: [
    "/events/2021/04/19walking-meditation-in-sayama-inariyama-prefectural-park-saitama"
]
---

<img
src="//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/route_plans/2021_apr_08_sayama_inariyama_prefectural_park.png"
alt="Google Street View Sayama Inariyama Prefectural Park"
class="title" />

Refresh your spirit. Touch the earth. Connect with nature.

Meditative Walking Experience:

Meditation, walking, breathing, enjoying fresh air.

#### When

**gather at 2pm at [Inariyama-Koen Station Popura](https://goo.gl/maps/aHkjr59UwQpWm6rZA)** (convenience store) 19 April 2021

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

#### Where

Meet at the North Exit of [Inariyamakoen Station](https://goo.gl/maps/4ymu2KpquokpdPvF7) (on Ikebukuro Line)
by [Popura Inariyamaten](https://goo.gl/maps/aHkjr59UwQpWm6rZA)  https://goo.gl/maps/aHkjr59UwQpWm6rZA

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

#### Details

This will be the
fourth
"official" Walking Meditation event during Barefoot Rob's walk across Japan.

[狭山稲荷山公園](https://goo.gl/maps/9nzuPE2mMHwJStxa7) ([Sayama Inariyama Prefectural Park](https://goo.gl/maps/9nzuPE2mMHwJStxa7)) seems like a nice park for walking, so let's enjoy a walking meditation.

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

*Enjoy Nature*

Looks like this park has lots of big beautiful trees covering a large area. (see the image above!)

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

What to Expect (April 19th, 2021):

* 2pm: Meet at [Popura Inariyamaten](https://goo.gl/maps/aHkjr59UwQpWm6rZA)
* 2:15pm: walk to [this entrance](https://goo.gl/maps/dDGdFSqqQ6HXnML69)
* 2:30pm: Walking meditation for 45 minutes
* I will guide us in meditation, including walking meditation.
* Feel free to take off your shoes; whatever makes you comfortable.

Walking meditation for 45 minutes in
[狭山稲荷山公園](https://goo.gl/maps/9nzuPE2mMHwJStxa7) ([Sayama Inariyama Prefectural Park](https://goo.gl/maps/9nzuPE2mMHwJStxa7))

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

Afterward, you are welcome to join me [walking 4.5km](https://goo.gl/maps/B26MzPgV4DwgjFbB7) to [Sayama City Chikozan Park Children’s Zoo](https://goo.gl/maps/xZoNBYWNHmd2gqfBA)

**Costs:**

free! (donations accepted)

not sure if the Zoo costs anything to enter http://www.parks.or.jp/chikozan/guide/000/000867.html

**What to bring**

Whatever you need to take care of yourself.  Come wearing lightweight shoes and maybe a bag for them
just in case you need to put them on during the walk!

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!

**Covid Considerations**

COVID-19 Infection Prevention Measures in the park

To prevent the spread of coronavirus infection in the park, we ask all visitors to take the following measures.

● When you have cold symptoms such as fever and coughs, please refrain from visiting the park.

● Please wear a face mask and follow cough etiquette.

● Please frequently wash your hands with soap and water and use hand sanitizers.

● Please keep your distance ( about 2 meters ) from other visitors.

● Please refrain from visiting with a large group of people.

● To avoid congestion, please refrain from using large picnic blankets. ( one side: larger than 2 meters )

● Please refrain from visiting with a large group of people.
