content/events/2021/04/23walking-meditation-in-maebashioshima-park.md, before:

---
title: "Walking Meditation in Maebashioshima Park"
tags: [ "evening", "event", "maebashi", "maebashioshima", "meditation", "park", "walk" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2021-04-10T19:21:25+09:00
TimeDescription: "gather at 6pm"
EventDate: "2021-04-23"
Aliases: [
    "/events/2021/04/23walking-meditation-in-maebashioshima-park"
]
---

<img
src="//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/route_plans/2021_apr_10_maebashioshima_park_for_walking_meditation_6pm_april_23_friday_day_eight.png"
alt="Google Street View Maebashioshima Park"
class="title" />

Refresh your spirit. Touch the earth. Connect with nature.

Meditative Walking Experience:

Meditation, walking, breathing, enjoying fresh air.

#### When

**gather at 6pm, 23 April 2021** at South Exit of [Maebashioshima Station](https://goo.gl/maps/Ao6AmDpgJNyf7pRE6)

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

#### Where

Quite close to a station for easy access!

Meet at [South exit of Maebashioshima Station](https://goo.gl/maps/3qitssmRQeW1t9Cy9) (on Ryomo Line)

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

#### Details

After a gap of a few days since the previous meditation,
this will be the
fifth
"official" Walking Meditation event during Barefoot Rob's walk across Japan.

[大島公園](https://goo.gl/maps/8D5s8hk5GGi6XGCq9) ([Maebashishioshima Park](https://goo.gl/maps/8D5s8hk5GGi6XGCq9)) seems like a nice park for walking, so let's enjoy a walking meditation.

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

*Enjoy Nature*

Looks like this park is small with gravel, grass, and trees.

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

What to Expect (April 23rd, 2021):

* 6pm: Meet at [South exit of Maebashioshima Station](https://goo.gl/maps/3qitssmRQeW1t9Cy9)
* 6:10pm: walk to [Maebashishioshima Park](https://goo.gl/maps/8D5s8hk5GGi6XGCq9)
* Walking meditation for 45 minutes
* I will guide us in meditation, including walking meditation.
* Feel free to take off your shoes; whatever makes you comfortable.

Walking meditation for 45 minutes in
[大島公園](https://goo.gl/maps/8D5s8hk5GGi6XGCq9) ([Maebashishioshima Park](https://goo.gl/maps/8D5s8hk5GGi6XGCq9))

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

**Costs:**

free! (donations accepted)

**What to bring**

Whatever you need to take care of yourself.  Come wearing lightweight shoes and maybe a bag for them
just in case you need to put them on during the walk!

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!

**Covid Considerations**

COVID-19 Infection Prevention Measures in the park

To prevent the spread of coronavirus infection in the park, we ask all visitors to take the following measures.

● When you have cold symptoms such as fever and coughs, please refrain from visiting the park.

● Please wear a face mask and follow cough etiquette.

● Please frequently wash your hands with soap and water and use hand sanitizers.

● Please keep your distance ( about 2 meters ) from other visitors.

● Please refrain from visiting with a large group of people.

● To avoid congestion, please refrain from using large picnic blankets. ( one side: larger than 2 meters )

● Please refrain from visiting with a large group of people.

Commit message:

Fix link to LINE group QR code....
LIKE A BOSS!!!

content/events/2021/04/23walking-meditation-in-maebashioshima-park.md, after:

---
title: "Walking Meditation in Maebashioshima Park"
tags: [ "evening", "event", "maebashi", "maebashioshima", "meditation", "park", "walk" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2021-04-10T19:21:25+09:00
TimeDescription: "gather at 6pm"
EventDate: "2021-04-23"
Aliases: [
    "/events/2021/04/23walking-meditation-in-maebashioshima-park"
]
---

<img
src="//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/route_plans/2021_apr_10_maebashioshima_park_for_walking_meditation_6pm_april_23_friday_day_eight.png"
alt="Google Street View Maebashioshima Park"
class="title" />

Refresh your spirit. Touch the earth. Connect with nature.

Meditative Walking Experience:

Meditation, walking, breathing, enjoying fresh air.

#### When

**gather at 6pm, 23 April 2021** at South Exit of [Maebashioshima Station](https://goo.gl/maps/Ao6AmDpgJNyf7pRE6)

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

#### Where

Quite close to a station for easy access!

Meet at [South exit of Maebashioshima Station](https://goo.gl/maps/3qitssmRQeW1t9Cy9) (on Ryomo Line)

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

#### Details

After a gap of a few days since the previous meditation,
this will be the
fifth
"official" Walking Meditation event during Barefoot Rob's walk across Japan.

[大島公園](https://goo.gl/maps/8D5s8hk5GGi6XGCq9) ([Maebashishioshima Park](https://goo.gl/maps/8D5s8hk5GGi6XGCq9)) seems like a nice park for walking, so let's enjoy a walking meditation.

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

*Enjoy Nature*

Looks like this park is small with gravel, grass, and trees.

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

What to Expect (April 23rd, 2021):

* 6pm: Meet at [South exit of Maebashioshima Station](https://goo.gl/maps/3qitssmRQeW1t9Cy9)
* 6:10pm: walk to [Maebashishioshima Park](https://goo.gl/maps/8D5s8hk5GGi6XGCq9)
* Walking meditation for 45 minutes
* I will guide us in meditation, including walking meditation.
* Feel free to take off your shoes; whatever makes you comfortable.

Walking meditation for 45 minutes in
[大島公園](https://goo.gl/maps/8D5s8hk5GGi6XGCq9) ([Maebashishioshima Park](https://goo.gl/maps/8D5s8hk5GGi6XGCq9))

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

**Costs:**

free! (donations accepted)

**What to bring**

Whatever you need to take care of yourself.  Come wearing lightweight shoes and maybe a bag for them
just in case you need to put them on during the walk!

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!

**Covid Considerations**

COVID-19 Infection Prevention Measures in the park

To prevent the spread of coronavirus infection in the park, we ask all visitors to take the following measures.

● When you have cold symptoms such as fever and coughs, please refrain from visiting the park.

● Please wear a face mask and follow cough etiquette.

● Please frequently wash your hands with soap and water and use hand sanitizers.

● Please keep your distance ( about 2 meters ) from other visitors.

● Please refrain from visiting with a large group of people.

● To avoid congestion, please refrain from using large picnic blankets. ( one side: larger than 2 meters )

● Please refrain from visiting with a large group of people.
