content/events/2021/09/01barefoot-walking-on-the-edge-of-tokyo-izumi-tamagawa.md, before:

---
title: "Barefoot Walking on the edge of Tokyo: Izumi-Tamagawa"
tags: [ "barefoot", "event", "walk" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2021-08-15T06:12:07+09:00
EventTime: "gather at 11:45; enter the Park at noon"
EventDate: "2021-09-01"
aliases: [
    "/events/2021/09/01barefoot-walking-on-the-edge-of-tokyo-izumi-tamagawa",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/walking_meditation/2021_aug_14_miku_andy_son_rob_in_rain.jpg" "2021 aug 14 miku andy son rob in rain" %}}

Refresh your spirit. Touch the earth. Connect with nature.

Barefoot Walking Experience:

Barefoot walking, breathing, enjoying fresh air.

#### When

**gather at 11:45; enter Yoyogi Park at HUMANDATE**

#### Where

**Yoyogi Park by the [clock near Harajuku entrance](https://goo.gl/maps/xabS6Nw7TgNScqeCA)**  https://goo.gl/maps/xabS6Nw7TgNScqeCA

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

#### Details

*Enjoy Nature*

Yoyogi Park has lots of big beautiful trees surrounding its large grassy field.

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

11:45am Meet at Harajuku Gate of Yoyogi Park  https://goo.gl/maps/xabS6Nw7TgNScqeCA

12:00 noon: Enter Yoyogi Park

What to Expect:

* We will meet at 11:45 and by noon decided where to go.
* If it's raining, we will just walk around the loop.
* If it's dry; we can find a place to sit.
* I will guide us in meditation, including walking meditation.
* Feel free to take off your shoes; whatever makes you comfortable.

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

**Costs:**

500 yen

**What to bring**

Whatever you need to take care of yourself.  Come wearing lightweight
shoes and maybe a bag for them just in case you need to put them on
during the walk!

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!

**Covid Considerations**

You know the drill.  I know you have thought about it and I trust you
to make a good decision for yourself.  For a group strictly wearing masks,
I recommend https://www.meetup.com/tokyospontaneous

Commit message:

First Izumi-Tamagawa barefoot walking event

content/events/2021/09/01barefoot-walking-on-the-edge-of-tokyo-izumi-tamagawa.md, after:

---
title: "Barefoot Walking on the edge of Tokyo: Izumi-Tamagawa"
tags: [ "barefoot", "event", "walk" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2021-08-15T06:12:07+09:00
EventTime: "gather at 11:45; walk to river at noon"
EventDate: "2021-09-01"
aliases: [
    "/events/2021/09/01barefoot-walking-on-the-edge-of-tokyo-izumi-tamagawa",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/walking_meditation/2021_aug_14_miku_andy_son_rob_in_rain.jpg" "2021 aug 14 miku andy son rob in rain" %}}

Refresh your spirit. Touch the earth. Connect with nature. Connect with friends.

Enjoy chatting and barefoot walking: share new experiences with like-minded friends!

#### When

**gather at 11:45; walk toward Tama River at noon**

#### Where

**Meeting Spot #1 by the [benches near Izumi-Tamagawa station](https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8)**
https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8

https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_aug_16_izumi_tamagawa_meeting_spot.png

**Meeting Spot #2 by [Tama River and Odakyu rail crossing](https://goo.gl/maps/2Ysk1D4EWmc41q3k7)**
https://goo.gl/maps/2Ysk1D4EWmc41q3k7 (on the Tokyo side of the river)

https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_aug_16_tama_river_odakyu_line_setagaya.png

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

#### Details

*Enjoy Nature*

Tama River has lots of walkways and often grass along its banks.

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

11:45am Meet at Izumi-Tamagawa Station near benches https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8

12:00 noon: Walk toward Tama River

Walk around the grass for a bit, then possibly walk along the river.  Watch for little rocks!

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

**Costs:**

500 yen

**What to bring**

Whatever you need to take care of yourself.  Bring lightweight
shoes and maybe a bag for them if you want to carry them while walking!

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!

**Covid Considerations**

You know the drill.  I know you have thought about it and I trust you
to make a good decision for yourself.  For a group strictly wearing masks,
I recommend https://www.meetup.com/tokyospontaneous
