content/events/2021/09/15barefoot-walking-dusk-in-shinyuri-art-park.md, before:

---
title: "Barefoot Walking dusk in Shinyuri Art Park"
tags: [ "2021", "Shinyuri Art Parks", "barefoot", "event", "grassy", "september", "shin yurigaoka", "walk", "walking", "新ゆりアートパークス" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2021-08-30T18:16:16+09:00
TimeDescription: "16:00 at Shinyuri Art Park"
EventDate: "2021-09-15"
aliases: [
    "/events/2021/09/15barefoot-walking-dusk-in-shinyuri-art-park",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_15_barefoot_walk/2021_aug_30_best_grassy_park_grass.jpg" "" %}}

We had a great time!   https://www.robnugen.com/en/blog/2021/09/15/barefoot-walking-dusk-in-shinyuri-art-park/

Refresh your spirit. Touch the earth. Connect with nature.

Barefoot Walking Experience at [Shinyuri Art Parks](http://www.airgreen.info/artparks.html)

Barefoot walking, breathing, enjoying fresh air and a lovely grassy field.

#### First Meeting Point

15:30  (3:30pm)

Shin Yurigaoka [between KFC, MUFG, and Dean and Deluca](https://goo.gl/maps/aoY2j7WxkNjSC2u98):  35°36'13.3"N 139°30'29.5"E  https://w3w.co/locator.juggler.nail

#### Second Meeting Point

16:00 (4:00pm)

[Shinyuri Art Parks](http://www.airgreen.info/artparks.html) https://goo.gl/maps/QAhUddBiieDAZsQm6

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

#### Details

*Enjoy Nature*

Shinyuri Art Parks features an immaculate large grassy field.

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

*Enjoy Community*

Find like-minded others who enjoy walking barefoot!

*What to Expect*

* The event is on, rain or shine.
* We'll walk from Shin Yurigaoka station starting 15:45
* Feel free to join at Shinyuri Art Parks by 16:00.
* Take off your shoes in the park; connect with mother earth!
* Meet friends, enjoy chatting, connecting

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

**Costs:**

500 yen

**What to bring**

Whatever you need to take care of yourself.  Come wearing lightweight
shoes which you can take off at the grassy field.

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!

**Covid Considerations**

You know the drill.  I know you have thought about it and I trust you
to make a good decision for yourself.  If you want a group with masks,
I recommend https://www.meetup.com/tokyospontaneous

Commit message:

Fix link to LINE group QR code....
LIKE A BOSS!!!

content/events/2021/09/15barefoot-walking-dusk-in-shinyuri-art-park.md, after:

---
title: "Barefoot Walking dusk in Shinyuri Art Park"
tags: [ "2021", "Shinyuri Art Parks", "barefoot", "event", "grassy", "september", "shin yurigaoka", "walk", "walking", "新ゆりアートパークス" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2021-08-30T18:16:16+09:00
TimeDescription: "16:00 at Shinyuri Art Park"
EventDate: "2021-09-15"
aliases: [
    "/events/2021/09/15barefoot-walking-dusk-in-shinyuri-art-park",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_15_barefoot_walk/2021_aug_30_best_grassy_park_grass.jpg" "" %}}

We had a great time!   https://www.robnugen.com/en/blog/2021/09/15/barefoot-walking-dusk-in-shinyuri-art-park/

Refresh your spirit. Touch the earth. Connect with nature.

Barefoot Walking Experience at [Shinyuri Art Parks](http://www.airgreen.info/artparks.html)

Barefoot walking, breathing, enjoying fresh air and a lovely grassy field.

#### First Meeting Point

15:30  (3:30pm)

Shin Yurigaoka [between KFC, MUFG, and Dean and Deluca](https://goo.gl/maps/aoY2j7WxkNjSC2u98):  35°36'13.3"N 139°30'29.5"E  https://w3w.co/locator.juggler.nail

#### Second Meeting Point

16:00 (4:00pm)

[Shinyuri Art Parks](http://www.airgreen.info/artparks.html) https://goo.gl/maps/QAhUddBiieDAZsQm6

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

#### Details

*Enjoy Nature*

Shinyuri Art Parks features an immaculate large grassy field.

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

*Enjoy Community*

Find like-minded others who enjoy walking barefoot!

*What to Expect*

* The event is on, rain or shine.
* We'll walk from Shin Yurigaoka station starting 15:45
* Feel free to join at Shinyuri Art Parks by 16:00.
* Take off your shoes in the park; connect with mother earth!
* Meet friends, enjoy chatting, connecting

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

**Costs:**

500 yen

**What to bring**

Whatever you need to take care of yourself.  Come wearing lightweight
shoes which you can take off at the grassy field.

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!

**Covid Considerations**

You know the drill.  I know you have thought about it and I trust you
to make a good decision for yourself.  If you want a group with masks,
I recommend https://www.meetup.com/tokyospontaneous
