content/events/2022/05/16full-moon-barefoot-walk-on-moonday-near-blue-cafe.en.md, before:

---
title: "Full Moon Barefoot Walk on Moonday near BLUE Cafe"
tags: [ "2022", "Barefoot Rob", "Monday", "barefoot", "event", "full moon", "izumi-tamagawa", "may", "moonday", "riverside", "tamagawa", "walk", "はだし", "多摩川", "満月", "裸足のロブ" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2022-04-19T12:17:17+09:00
EventLocation: "Izumi Tamagawa for full moon 満月"
EventTime: "20:00"
TimeDescription: "gather at 19:45; walk to Tama River at 19:55"
EventDate: "2022-05-16T20:00:00+09:00"
aliases: [
    "/en/events/2022/05/16full-moon-barefoot-walk-on-moonday-near-blue-cafe",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/walk_and_talk/barefoot_walking_under_full_moon_promo_me_and_mamiko.jpg" "barefoot walking under full moon promo me and mamiko" %}}

Enjoy the night air.  Enjoy moonlight.  Touch the earth. Connect with nature. Connect with friends.

Enjoy chatting and barefoot walking on the full moon night.  Share beautiful experiences with like-minded friends!

We'll also share some quiet time in prayer under the full moon.

#### When

**Monday 16 May 2022, gather at 19:45; walk toward Tama River at 20:00**

#### Where

**Meeting Spot #1 by the [benches near Izumi-Tamagawa station](https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8)**
https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8

[![2021 aug 16 izumi tamagawa meeting spot](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_aug_16_izumi_tamagawa_meeting_spot.png)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_aug_16_izumi_tamagawa_meeting_spot.png)

**Meeting Spot #2 by [baseball fields by Tama River below Odakyu rail line](https://goo.gl/maps/2Ysk1D4EWmc41q3k7)**
https://goo.gl/maps/2Ysk1D4EWmc41q3k7 (on the Tokyo side of the river)

[![2021 aug 16 tama river odakyu line setagaya](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_aug_16_tama_river_odakyu_line_setagaya.png)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_aug_16_tama_river_odakyu_line_setagaya.png)

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

#### Details

*Enjoy moonlight*

Weather permitting, we'll be bathed in moonlight while
enjoying the grassy field with bare feet!

*Enjoy Grass*

We'll relax in a lovely grass baseball field next to Tama River.

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

19:45 Meet at Izumi-Tamagawa Station near benches https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8

19:55: Walk toward Tama River

The grass is nice for walking and relaxing.  Enjoy the light of the full moon.

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

**Donation:**

500 yen

**What to bring**

Whatever you need to take care of yourself.
Probably should bring a jacket because the weather is getting cooler.
Bring lightweight shoes for the short (~5 minute) walk to the river.
Watch for little rocks!

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!

**Covid Considerations**

You know the situation.  I know you have thought about it and I trust you
to make a good decision for yourself.  If you want a group with masks,
I recommend https://www.meetup.com/tokyospontaneous

Commit message:

Fix link to LINE group QR code....
LIKE A BOSS!!!

content/events/2022/05/16full-moon-barefoot-walk-on-moonday-near-blue-cafe.en.md, after:

---
title: "Full Moon Barefoot Walk on Moonday near BLUE Cafe"
tags: [ "2022", "Barefoot Rob", "Monday", "barefoot", "event", "full moon", "izumi-tamagawa", "may", "moonday", "riverside", "tamagawa", "walk", "はだし", "多摩川", "満月", "裸足のロブ" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2022-04-19T12:17:17+09:00
EventLocation: "Izumi Tamagawa for full moon 満月"
EventTime: "20:00"
TimeDescription: "gather at 19:45; walk to Tama River at 19:55"
EventDate: "2022-05-16T20:00:00+09:00"
aliases: [
    "/en/events/2022/05/16full-moon-barefoot-walk-on-moonday-near-blue-cafe",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/walk_and_talk/barefoot_walking_under_full_moon_promo_me_and_mamiko.jpg" "barefoot walking under full moon promo me and mamiko" %}}

Enjoy the night air.  Enjoy moonlight.  Touch the earth. Connect with nature. Connect with friends.

Enjoy chatting and barefoot walking on the full moon night.  Share beautiful experiences with like-minded friends!

We'll also share some quiet time in prayer under the full moon.

#### When

**Monday 16 May 2022, gather at 19:45; walk toward Tama River at 20:00**

#### Where

**Meeting Spot #1 by the [benches near Izumi-Tamagawa station](https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8)**
https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8

[![2021 aug 16 izumi tamagawa meeting spot](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_aug_16_izumi_tamagawa_meeting_spot.png)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_aug_16_izumi_tamagawa_meeting_spot.png)

**Meeting Spot #2 by [baseball fields by Tama River below Odakyu rail line](https://goo.gl/maps/2Ysk1D4EWmc41q3k7)**
https://goo.gl/maps/2Ysk1D4EWmc41q3k7 (on the Tokyo side of the river)

[![2021 aug 16 tama river odakyu line setagaya](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_aug_16_tama_river_odakyu_line_setagaya.png)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_aug_16_tama_river_odakyu_line_setagaya.png)

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

#### Details

*Enjoy moonlight*

Weather permitting, we'll be bathed in moonlight while
enjoying the grassy field with bare feet!

*Enjoy Grass*

We'll relax in a lovely grass baseball field next to Tama River.

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

19:45 Meet at Izumi-Tamagawa Station near benches https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8

19:55: Walk toward Tama River

The grass is nice for walking and relaxing.  Enjoy the light of the full moon.

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

**Donation:**

500 yen

**What to bring**

Whatever you need to take care of yourself.
Probably should bring a jacket because the weather is getting cooler.
Bring lightweight shoes for the short (~5 minute) walk to the river.
Watch for little rocks!

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!

**Covid Considerations**

You know the situation.  I know you have thought about it and I trust you
to make a good decision for yourself.  If you want a group with masks,
I recommend https://www.meetup.com/tokyospontaneous
