content/events/2024/07/13barefoot-hike-with-meditation-on-mt-takao.en.md, before:

---
title: "Barefoot Hike and Meditation on Mt Takao"
tags: [ "2024", "Barefoot Rob", "barefoot", "event", "july", "walk", "takao", "はだし", "高尾山", "裸足のロブ" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2024-05-06T07:59:43+09:00
EventLocation: "Mt Takao"
EventType: "Hike and Meditation"
EventTime: "10:00"
TimeDescription: "gather at 9:45 at Takaosanguchi Station; event starting at 10:00"
EventDate: "2024-07-13T10:00:00+09:00"
aliases: [
    "/en/events/2024/07/13barefoot-hike-and-meditation-on-mt-takao",
    "/en/events/2024/07/13barefoot-hike-with-meditation-on-mt-takao",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/walk_and_talk/2022_07_10_barefoot_mt_takao.jpg" "2022 July 10 on top of Mt Takao" %}}

# Summary:

Fun, casual, barefoot hike up beautiful Mt Takao with meditation on top!

Time: 10am - 16:30pm (approx)

Date: Saturday 13 July 2024

Location: Meet at 9:45am by [Takaosanguchi Station](https://goo.gl/maps/Cj5ghHwr6PyE5LxF8)

We will climb the (mostly paved) Trail 1 of Mt Takao.

Investment: [3500 yen](https://book.stripe.com/cN2aHR276gogeXuaEH) https://book.stripe.com/cN2aHR276gogeXuaEH

Includes: Vegan snacks, meditation.
If you want more than snacks, welcome to bring your own lunch.

VIP Ticket: [4500 yen](https://buy.stripe.com/3cs4jtfXW8VOaHe6os) https://buy.stripe.com/3cs4jtfXW8VOaHe6os

Includes: Regular ticket and entry into Takaosanguchi Onsen after the hike

# Details:

9:45am Gather [in front of Takaosanguchi Station](https://w3w.co/tallest.pictured.cove)

10:00am Connection Circle to check in and introduce the hike

10:15am begin walking up Route 1 of Mt Takao

11 am (estimate) rest and check in how everyone is doing

12 pm (estimate) rest and check in how everyone is doing

12:30 pm (estimate) meditation and rest on top of Mt Takao

14 pm (estimate) begin heading down Mt Takao

15 pm (estimate) rest and check in how everyone is doing

15:30 pm (estimate) onsen near Takaosanguchi Station

16:30 pm (estimate) Closing Circle

# What to bring:

* Water bottle (*)

(*) There are vending machines and water refill places along the way

Optional:

* Lunch (*)
* Hat in case of sun
* Rainwear in case of rain
* Towel, wet tissues for your feet
* First aid supplies
* Sunscreen
* Insect spray
* Picnic sheet, seat pad

(*) I will bring vegan snacks for everyone.
There is food available along the way,
including ramen on the top of Mt Takao.

After our hike, I'll buy tickets for VIP ticket holders
to visit the onsen near
Takaosanguchi Station.  Relax after a great hike up the mountain!

By joining the hike you agree that safety is your own responsibility.

# Reserve your space

This hike and meditation event is limited to ten attendees.

Reserve your spot via Stripe!

Regular ticket [3500 yen](https://book.stripe.com/cN2aHR276gogeXuaEH) https://book.stripe.com/cN2aHR276gogeXuaEH

VIP ticket [4500 yen](https://buy.stripe.com/3cs4jtfXW8VOaHe6os) includes onsen https://buy.stripe.com/3cs4jtfXW8VOaHe6os


# About Takao Trail 1:

* https://en.mttakaomagazine.com/trails/1st
* https://livejapan.com/en/in-tokyo/in-pref-tokyo/in-mount_takao/article-a0003384/#table_of_contents_anchor2

Commit message:

Add circle building in English

content/events/2024/07/13barefoot-hike-with-meditation-on-mt-takao.en.md, after:

---
title: "Barefoot Hike and Meditation on Mt Takao"
tags: [ "2024", "Barefoot Rob", "barefoot", "event", "july", "walk", "takao", "はだし", "高尾山", "裸足のロブ" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2024-05-06T07:59:43+09:00
EventLocation: "Mt Takao"
EventType: "Hike and Meditation"
EventTime: "10:00"
TimeDescription: "gather at 9:45 at Takaosanguchi Station; event starting at 10:00"
EventDate: "2024-07-13T10:00:00+09:00"
aliases: [
    "/en/events/2024/07/13barefoot-hike-and-meditation-on-mt-takao",
    "/en/events/2024/07/13barefoot-hike-with-meditation-on-mt-takao",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/walk_and_talk/2022_07_10_barefoot_mt_takao.jpg" "2022 July 10 on top of Mt Takao" %}}

# Summary:

Fun, casual, barefoot hike up beautiful Mt Takao including community building circles,
and a meditation on top.

Time: 10am - 16:30pm (approx)

Date: Saturday 13 July 2024

Location: Meet at 9:45am by [Takaosanguchi Station](https://goo.gl/maps/Cj5ghHwr6PyE5LxF8)

We will climb the (mostly paved) Trail 1 of Mt Takao.

Investment: [3500 yen](https://book.stripe.com/cN2aHR276gogeXuaEH) https://book.stripe.com/cN2aHR276gogeXuaEH

Includes: Vegan snacks, meditation.
If you want more than snacks, welcome to bring your own lunch
or buy from shops along the route.

VIP Ticket: [4500 yen](https://buy.stripe.com/3cs4jtfXW8VOaHe6os) https://buy.stripe.com/3cs4jtfXW8VOaHe6os

Includes: Regular ticket and entry into Takaosanguchi Onsen after the hike

# Details:

9:45am Gather [in front of Takaosanguchi Station](https://w3w.co/tallest.pictured.cove)

10:00am Connection Circle to check in and introduce the hike

10:15am begin walking up Route 1 of Mt Takao

11 am (estimate) rest and check in how everyone is doing

12 pm (estimate) rest and check in how everyone is doing

12:30 pm (estimate) meditation and rest on top of Mt Takao

14 pm (estimate) begin heading down Mt Takao

15 pm (estimate) rest and check in how everyone is doing

15:30 pm (estimate) onsen near Takaosanguchi Station

16:30 pm (estimate) Closing Circle

# What to bring:

* Water bottle (*)

(*) There are vending machines and water refill places along the way

Optional:

* Lunch (*)
* Hat in case of sun
* Rainwear in case of rain
* Towel, wet tissues for your feet
* First aid supplies
* Sunscreen
* Insect spray
* Picnic sheet, seat pad

(*) I will bring vegan snacks for everyone.
There is food available along the way,
including ramen on the top of Mt Takao.

After our hike, I'll buy tickets for VIP ticket holders
to visit the onsen near
Takaosanguchi Station.  Relax after a great hike up the mountain!

By joining the hike you agree that safety is your own responsibility.

# Reserve your space

This hike and meditation event is limited to ten attendees.

Reserve your spot via Stripe!

Regular ticket [3500 yen](https://book.stripe.com/cN2aHR276gogeXuaEH) https://book.stripe.com/cN2aHR276gogeXuaEH

VIP ticket [4500 yen](https://buy.stripe.com/3cs4jtfXW8VOaHe6os) includes onsen https://buy.stripe.com/3cs4jtfXW8VOaHe6os


# About Takao Trail 1:

* https://en.mttakaomagazine.com/trails/1st
* https://livejapan.com/en/in-tokyo/in-pref-tokyo/in-mount_takao/article-a0003384/#table_of_contents_anchor2
