content/events/2022/07/01barefoot-muddy-walk-and-talk-in-manpukuji-park-rain-or-shine.en.md, before:

---
title: "Barefoot muddy walk and talk in Manpukuji Park rain or shine"
tags: [ "2022", "Barefoot Rob", "barefoot", "event", "hiyama", "july", "manpukuji", "mud", "rain", "shine", "walk", "はだし", "万福寺檜山公園", "新百合ヶ丘駅", "裸足のロブ" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2022-06-17T12:24:35+09:00
EventLocation: "Manpukuji Hiyama Park (near Shinyurigaoka)"
EventTime: "13:00"
TimeDescription: "gather at 12:30; walk toward Manpukuji Hiyama Park at 12:45"
EventDate: "2022-07-01T13:00:00+09:00"
aliases: [
    "/en/events/2022/07/01barefoot-muddy-walk-and-talk-in-manpukuji-park-rain-or-shine",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/walk_and_talk/2022_may_05_kyoko_rob_quack.jpg" "2022 may 05 kyoko rob quack" %}}

Refresh your spirit. Step in mud. Connect with nature. Connect with friends.

Barefoot Walking Experience in [Manpukuji Hiyama Park](https://goo.gl/maps/kTvNmsKf2XGYAbns6)

Barefoot walking, breathing, enjoying fresh air and a hilly park.

#### First Meeting Point

Friday 01 July 2022, 12:30

Shin Yurigaoka [between KFC, MUFG, and Dean and Deluca](https://goo.gl/maps/aoY2j7WxkNjSC2u98):  35°36'13.3"N 139°30'29.5"E  https://w3w.co/locator.juggler.nail

#### Second Meeting Point is Manpukuji Hiyama Park

Friday 01 July 2022, 13:00

[Manpukuji Hiyama Park](https://goo.gl/maps/kTvNmsKf2XGYAbns6) https://goo.gl/maps/cDRmrwqTXid1Cfd2A

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

#### Details

*Enjoy Mud*

Manpukuji Hiyama Park features stairs, slight hills, shaded spaces,
a small muddy leafy stretch to step in mud,
and a faucet for rinsing off.

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

*Enjoy Community*

Find like-minded others who enjoy walking barefoot in mud!

*What to Expect*

* The event is on, rain or shine.
* We'll walk from Shin Yurigaoka station starting 12:45
* Feel free to join at Manpukuji Hiyama Park by 13:00.
* Take off your shoes in the park; connect with mother earth via leafy mud!
* Meet friends, enjoy chatting, connecting
* Wash feet at an outdoor faucet in the park.

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

**Donation:**

1000 yen

Commit message:

Fix link to LINE group QR code....
LIKE A BOSS!!!

content/events/2022/07/01barefoot-muddy-walk-and-talk-in-manpukuji-park-rain-or-shine.en.md, after:

---
title: "Barefoot muddy walk and talk in Manpukuji Park rain or shine"
tags: [ "2022", "Barefoot Rob", "barefoot", "event", "hiyama", "july", "manpukuji", "mud", "rain", "shine", "walk", "はだし", "万福寺檜山公園", "新百合ヶ丘駅", "裸足のロブ" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2022-06-17T12:24:35+09:00
EventLocation: "Manpukuji Hiyama Park (near Shinyurigaoka)"
EventTime: "13:00"
TimeDescription: "gather at 12:30; walk toward Manpukuji Hiyama Park at 12:45"
EventDate: "2022-07-01T13:00:00+09:00"
aliases: [
    "/en/events/2022/07/01barefoot-muddy-walk-and-talk-in-manpukuji-park-rain-or-shine",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/walk_and_talk/2022_may_05_kyoko_rob_quack.jpg" "2022 may 05 kyoko rob quack" %}}

Refresh your spirit. Step in mud. Connect with nature. Connect with friends.

Barefoot Walking Experience in [Manpukuji Hiyama Park](https://goo.gl/maps/kTvNmsKf2XGYAbns6)

Barefoot walking, breathing, enjoying fresh air and a hilly park.

#### First Meeting Point

Friday 01 July 2022, 12:30

Shin Yurigaoka [between KFC, MUFG, and Dean and Deluca](https://goo.gl/maps/aoY2j7WxkNjSC2u98):  35°36'13.3"N 139°30'29.5"E  https://w3w.co/locator.juggler.nail

#### Second Meeting Point is Manpukuji Hiyama Park

Friday 01 July 2022, 13:00

[Manpukuji Hiyama Park](https://goo.gl/maps/kTvNmsKf2XGYAbns6) https://goo.gl/maps/cDRmrwqTXid1Cfd2A

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

#### Details

*Enjoy Mud*

Manpukuji Hiyama Park features stairs, slight hills, shaded spaces,
a small muddy leafy stretch to step in mud,
and a faucet for rinsing off.

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

*Enjoy Community*

Find like-minded others who enjoy walking barefoot in mud!

*What to Expect*

* The event is on, rain or shine.
* We'll walk from Shin Yurigaoka station starting 12:45
* Feel free to join at Manpukuji Hiyama Park by 13:00.
* Take off your shoes in the park; connect with mother earth via leafy mud!
* Meet friends, enjoy chatting, connecting
* Wash feet at an outdoor faucet in the park.

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

**Donation:**

1000 yen
