content/events/2022/07/02enjoy-barefoot-walking-in-hot-july-by-tama-river.en.md, before:

---
title: "Enjoy Barefoot walking in hot July by Tama River"
tags: [ "2022", "Barefoot Rob", "barefoot", "blue-cafe", "event", "hot", "izumi-tamagawa", "july", "riverside", "shine", "tamagawa", "walk", "はだし", "多摩川", "裸足のロブ" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2022-06-06T07:52:31+09:00
EventLocation: "Izumi Tamagawa (Odakyu Line)"
EventTime: "13:00"
TimeDescription: "gather at 12:45; walk to Blue Cafe at 12:55; walk to Tama River around 13:00"
EventDate: "2022-07-02T13:00:00+09:00"
aliases: [
    "/en/events/2022/07/02enjoy-barefoot-walking-in-hot-july-by-tama-river",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/walk_and_talk/2022_may_07_blue_tamagawa_keisuke_alicia_danny_andy_mari_rob.jpg" "2022 may 07 blue tamagawa keisuke alicia danny andy mari rob" %}}

<div class="note">Image credit:
<a href=""></a>
</div>

Refresh your spirit. Touch the earth. Connect with nature. Connect with friends.

Enjoy chatting and barefoot walking: share new experiences with like-minded friends!

#### Join Us

**Meeting Spot #1 12:45 by the [benches near Izumi-Tamagawa station](https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8)**
https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8

[![2021 aug 16 izumi tamagawa meeting spot](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_aug_16_izumi_tamagawa_meeting_spot.png)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_aug_16_izumi_tamagawa_meeting_spot.png)

**Meeting Spot #2 around 13:00 [Blue Cafe Tamagawa](https://blue-tamagawa.jp/#section2)**
https://goo.gl/maps/PX2LgNKF9iz4EyXx9

[![blue cafe](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/thumbs/blue_cafe.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/blue_cafe.jpg)

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

#### Details

12:45 Meet at Izumi-Tamagawa Station near benches https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8

12:55: Walk toward Blue Cafe

13:00: Go to riverside for barefoot walk and talk event

*Enjoy Grass*

We'll walk on grassy area next to Tama River.

The grass is nice for walking and relaxing.  We sometimes play frisbee on the field!

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

*Stay Updated*

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

**Donation:**

500 yen

**What to bring**

Whatever you need to take care of yourself.  Bring lightweight
shoes for the short (~5 minute) walk to the river.  Watch for little rocks!

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!

Commit message:

Fix link to LINE group QR code....
LIKE A BOSS!!!

content/events/2022/07/02enjoy-barefoot-walking-in-hot-july-by-tama-river.en.md, after:

---
title: "Enjoy Barefoot walking in hot July by Tama River"
tags: [ "2022", "Barefoot Rob", "barefoot", "blue-cafe", "event", "hot", "izumi-tamagawa", "july", "riverside", "shine", "tamagawa", "walk", "はだし", "多摩川", "裸足のロブ" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2022-06-06T07:52:31+09:00
EventLocation: "Izumi Tamagawa (Odakyu Line)"
EventTime: "13:00"
TimeDescription: "gather at 12:45; walk to Blue Cafe at 12:55; walk to Tama River around 13:00"
EventDate: "2022-07-02T13:00:00+09:00"
aliases: [
    "/en/events/2022/07/02enjoy-barefoot-walking-in-hot-july-by-tama-river",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/walk_and_talk/2022_may_07_blue_tamagawa_keisuke_alicia_danny_andy_mari_rob.jpg" "2022 may 07 blue tamagawa keisuke alicia danny andy mari rob" %}}

<div class="note">Image credit:
<a href=""></a>
</div>

Refresh your spirit. Touch the earth. Connect with nature. Connect with friends.

Enjoy chatting and barefoot walking: share new experiences with like-minded friends!

#### Join Us

**Meeting Spot #1 12:45 by the [benches near Izumi-Tamagawa station](https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8)**
https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8

[![2021 aug 16 izumi tamagawa meeting spot](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_aug_16_izumi_tamagawa_meeting_spot.png)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_aug_16_izumi_tamagawa_meeting_spot.png)

**Meeting Spot #2 around 13:00 [Blue Cafe Tamagawa](https://blue-tamagawa.jp/#section2)**
https://goo.gl/maps/PX2LgNKF9iz4EyXx9

[![blue cafe](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/thumbs/blue_cafe.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/blue_cafe.jpg)

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

#### Details

12:45 Meet at Izumi-Tamagawa Station near benches https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8

12:55: Walk toward Blue Cafe

13:00: Go to riverside for barefoot walk and talk event

*Enjoy Grass*

We'll walk on grassy area next to Tama River.

The grass is nice for walking and relaxing.  We sometimes play frisbee on the field!

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

*Stay Updated*

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

**Donation:**

500 yen

**What to bring**

Whatever you need to take care of yourself.  Bring lightweight
shoes for the short (~5 minute) walk to the river.  Watch for little rocks!

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!
