content/events/2022/07/10barefoot-walking-in-yoyogi-park-on-a-sunday.en.md, before:

---
title: "Barefoot Walking in Yoyogi Park on a Sunday"
tags: [ "2022", "Barefoot Rob", "barefoot", "event", "july", "walk", "yoyogi", "はだし", "代々木公園", "裸足のロブ" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2022-06-06T08:09:44+09:00
EventLocation: "Yoyogi Park (Harajuku Gate)"
EventTime: "13:30"
TimeDescription: "gather at 13:15; enter the Park at 13:30"
EventDate: "2022-07-10T13:30:00+09:00"
aliases: [
    "/en/events/2022/07/10barefoot-walking-in-yoyogi-park-on-a-sunday",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/walk_and_talk/2021_sep_04_mark_rob_59.jpg" "2021 sep 04 mark rob 59" %}}

Refresh your spirit. Touch the earth. Connect with nature.

Barefoot Walking Experience:

Barefoot walking, breathing, enjoying fresh air.

#### When

**Sunday 10 July 2022: gather at 13:15; enter Yoyogi Park at 13:30**

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

#### Where

**Yoyogi Park by the [clock near Harajuku entrance](https://goo.gl/maps/xabS6Nw7TgNScqeCA)**  https://goo.gl/maps/xabS6Nw7TgNScqeCA

[![2021 oct 02 yoyogi park walk meet here](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/walk_and_talk/thumbs/2021_oct_02_yoyogi_park_walk_meet_here.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/walk_and_talk/2021_oct_02_yoyogi_park_walk_meet_here.jpg)

#### Details

*Enjoy Nature*

Yoyogi Park has lots of big beautiful trees surrounding its large grassy field.

*Enjoy Connection*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

13:15 Meet at Harajuku Gate of Yoyogi Park  https://goo.gl/maps/xabS6Nw7TgNScqeCA

13:30: Enter Yoyogi Park

What to Expect:

* We will meet at 13:15 and by 13:30 decide where to go.
* I will talk about how to safely walk barefoot.
* We will feel asphalt, grass, and myriad other surfaces.
* If it's raining, we will just walk around the loop.
* If it's dry; we might find a place to sit.
* Let's enjoy discovering the park together!

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

**Donation:**

500 yen

**What to bring**

Whatever you need to take care of yourself.  Come wearing lightweight
shoes and maybe a bag to carry them just in case you need to put them on
during the walk!

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!

Commit message:

New Yoyogi Park version for Sunday after Bootcamp

content/events/2022/07/10barefoot-walking-in-yoyogi-park-on-a-sunday.en.md, after:

---
title: "Barefoot Walking in Yoyogi Park on a Sunday"
tags: [ "2022", "Barefoot Rob", "barefoot", "event", "july", "walk", "yoyogi", "はだし", "代々木公園", "裸足のロブ" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2022-06-06T07:59:43+09:00
EventLocation: "Yoyogi Park (SOGO Field)"
EventTime: "13:30"
TimeDescription: "gather at 13:15 in SOGO Field; walk starting at 13:30"
EventDate: "2022-07-10T13:30:00+09:00"
aliases: [
    "/en/events/2022/07/10barefoot-walking-in-yoyogi-park-on-a-sunday",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/walk_and_talk/2021_sep_04_mark_rob_59.jpg" "2021 sep 04 mark rob 59" %}}

Refresh your spirit. Touch the earth. Connect with nature.

Barefoot Walking Experience after SOGO Bootamp:

Barefoot walking, breathing, enjoying fresh air.

#### When

Special this month: barefoot walking SUNDAY after SOGO Fitness Bootcamp

**Sunday 10 July 2022: gather at 13:15 in SOGO Field; walk starting at 13:30**

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

#### Where

**Yoyogi Park in [SOGO Field](https://goo.gl/maps/y6kW15TbKLY8Vidt8)**  https://goo.gl/maps/y6kW15TbKLY8Vidt8

#### Details

*Enjoy Nature*

Yoyogi Park has lots of big beautiful trees surrounding its large grassy field.

*Enjoy Connection*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

13:15 Meet at SOGO Field of Yoyogi Park https://goo.gl/maps/y6kW15TbKLY8Vidt8

13:30: Walk barefoot in Yoyogi Park

What to Expect:

* Please note this event is on Sunday
* We will meet at 13:15 and by 13:30 decide where to go.
* I will talk about how to safely walk barefoot.
* We will feel asphalt, grass, and myriad other surfaces.
* If it's raining, we can just walk around the loop.
* If it's dry; we might find a place to sit.
* Let's enjoy exploring the park together!

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

**Donation:**

500 yen

**What to bring**

Whatever you need to take care of yourself.  Come wearing lightweight
shoes and maybe a bag to carry them just in case you need to put them on
during the walk!

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!
