templates/event_templates/walk_and_talk/hossawa_falls/hossawa_falls.en.md, before:

---
title: "%s"
tags: [ %s ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: %s
EventLocation: "EVENT_LOCATION"
EventTime: "EVENT_TIME"
TimeDescription: "Meet at Musashi-Itsukaichi Station (Itsukaichi Line), South Exit at EVENT_TIME"
EventDate: "%sTEVENT_TIME:00+09:00"
aliases: [
    "/enalias_path",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "episode_image" "episode_image_alt" %}}

<div class="note">Image credit:
<a href="IMAGE_CREDIT">IMAGE_CREDIT</a>
</div>

Refresh your spirit. Touch the earth. Connect with nature.

Barefoot Walking Experience:

Slow-paced barefoot hike to Hossawa Falls
(one of the hundred famous waterfalls in Japan,
located in Nishitama District, Tokyo),
and the small mountain Bonbori.
We will also enjoy Seoto-no-yu foot bath and
free time near the Minamiaki River after the hike.

Barefoot Rob and others will be barefoot;
you’re welcome to try hiking barefoot as well!

#### Meeting Point

HUMANDATE, FIRST_GATHERING_TIME

Musashi-Itsukaichi Station (Itsukaichi Line), South Exit (https://goo.gl/maps/KMN7J5aQdKrwVLhK8)

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

#### Details

*Walking surfaces:*

dirt walking path, short gravel path, asphalt sidewalks,
a mixture of dirt and fallen leaves hiking trail.

Please stay alert about
where you’re walking to avoid injury.

*Enjoy Connection*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

*Course*

* Start at Musashi-Itsukaichi Station 武蔵五日市駅
* bus to Hossawa Falls 払沢の滝 (22 min, 490 Yen)
* hike to Hossawa Falls (1.3 km) and back
* go by bus/on foot to hiking trail entrance (7 min by bus)
* hike up Mt. Bonbori / 盆堀山 391 m, 3.0 km hike
* rest at Seoto-no-yu Foot Bath / 瀬音の湯 足湯
* explore Akigawa Valley / 秋川渓谷, Ishibune Bridge / 石舟橋 and Minamiaki River / 南秋川
* go back by bus/on foot (*) to Musashi-Itsukaichi Station / 武蔵五日市 (11 min by bus).

*What to Expect:*

* I will talk about how to safely walk barefoot.
* We will feel asphalt, grass, and myriad other surfaces.

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

**Donation:**

1000 yen

**What to bring**

- Your water/soft drink, lunch
- Hat in case of sun
- Rainwear in case of rain
- Easy-to-wear sandals for hard-to-walk surfaces
- Hiking/walking shoes if you need
- Towel, wet tissues for your feet
- First aid supplies
- Mosquito/insect repellent
- Your seat pad
- Whatever you may need to take care of yourself
- 1,000 Yen

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!

Commit message:

Fix link to LINE group QR code....
LIKE A BOSS!!!

templates/event_templates/walk_and_talk/hossawa_falls/hossawa_falls.en.md, after:

---
title: "%s"
tags: [ %s ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: %s
EventLocation: "EVENT_LOCATION"
EventTime: "EVENT_TIME"
TimeDescription: "Meet at Musashi-Itsukaichi Station (Itsukaichi Line), South Exit at EVENT_TIME"
EventDate: "%sTEVENT_TIME:00+09:00"
aliases: [
    "/enalias_path",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "episode_image" "episode_image_alt" %}}

<div class="note">Image credit:
<a href="IMAGE_CREDIT">IMAGE_CREDIT</a>
</div>

Refresh your spirit. Touch the earth. Connect with nature.

Barefoot Walking Experience:

Slow-paced barefoot hike to Hossawa Falls
(one of the hundred famous waterfalls in Japan,
located in Nishitama District, Tokyo),
and the small mountain Bonbori.
We will also enjoy Seoto-no-yu foot bath and
free time near the Minamiaki River after the hike.

Barefoot Rob and others will be barefoot;
you’re welcome to try hiking barefoot as well!

#### Meeting Point

HUMANDATE, FIRST_GATHERING_TIME

Musashi-Itsukaichi Station (Itsukaichi Line), South Exit (https://goo.gl/maps/KMN7J5aQdKrwVLhK8)

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

#### Details

*Walking surfaces:*

dirt walking path, short gravel path, asphalt sidewalks,
a mixture of dirt and fallen leaves hiking trail.

Please stay alert about
where you’re walking to avoid injury.

*Enjoy Connection*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

*Course*

* Start at Musashi-Itsukaichi Station 武蔵五日市駅
* bus to Hossawa Falls 払沢の滝 (22 min, 490 Yen)
* hike to Hossawa Falls (1.3 km) and back
* go by bus/on foot to hiking trail entrance (7 min by bus)
* hike up Mt. Bonbori / 盆堀山 391 m, 3.0 km hike
* rest at Seoto-no-yu Foot Bath / 瀬音の湯 足湯
* explore Akigawa Valley / 秋川渓谷, Ishibune Bridge / 石舟橋 and Minamiaki River / 南秋川
* go back by bus/on foot (*) to Musashi-Itsukaichi Station / 武蔵五日市 (11 min by bus).

*What to Expect:*

* I will talk about how to safely walk barefoot.
* We will feel asphalt, grass, and myriad other surfaces.

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

**Donation:**

1000 yen

**What to bring**

- Your water/soft drink, lunch
- Hat in case of sun
- Rainwear in case of rain
- Easy-to-wear sandals for hard-to-walk surfaces
- Hiking/walking shoes if you need
- Towel, wet tissues for your feet
- First aid supplies
- Mosquito/insect repellent
- Your seat pad
- Whatever you may need to take care of yourself
- 1,000 Yen

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!
