content/events/2023/03/25barefoot-walking-hanami-spring-2023-kinuta-park.en.md, before:

---
title: "Barefoot Walking and Hanami in Kinuta Park"
tags: [ "2023", "Barefoot Rob", "barefoot", "event", "march", "setagaya", "kinuta", "sakura", "spring", "walk", "はだし", "砧公園", "桜", "裸足のロブ" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2023-03-14T10:07:47+09:00
EventLocation: "Yōga Station then walk to Kinuta Park"
EventTime: "13:00"
TimeDescription: "gather at 13:00; walk from Yōga Station at 13:15"
EventDate: "2023-03-25T13:00:00+09:00"
aliases: [
    "/en/events/2023/03/25barefoot-walking-hanami-spring-2023-kinuta-park/",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2023/hanami_kinuta_ozmall.jpg" "hanami kinuta photo by ozmall" %}}

<div class="note">Photo credit: <a href="https://www.ozmall.co.jp/sakura/data/17510/">https://www.ozmall.co.jp/sakura/data/17510/</a></div>

Enjoy hanami in Kinuta Park!

Refresh your spirit. Touch the earth. Connect with nature.

Barefoot Walking Experience:

Cherry blossom viewing, barefoot walking, breathing, enjoying fresh air.

#### Meeting Point

Saturday 25 March 2023, 13:00

Circular stairs near Yōga Station (North Exit, B1)

<img
src="https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2023/walk_and_talk/meet_here_at_yoga_station.jpg"
alt="meet here at yoga station"
class="title" />

Yōga Station(https://goo.gl/maps/9Aispkras314sCAg7) (at bottom of circular stairs)

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

#### Details

*Enjoy Nature*

Kinuta Park is famous for its cherry blossom (sakura) viewing.
It has at least three varieties:
Someiyoshino, Yamazakura, and Yaezakura.
This makes for a relatively long hanami viewing season of over two weeks.

*Enjoy Connection*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

What to Expect:

* I will talk about how to safely walk barefoot.
* We will feel asphalt, grass, and myriad other surfaces.
* Let's enjoy discovering the park together!
* Time for hanami lunch (bring your lunch; I'll bring tarps)

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

**Donation:**

2000 yen

**What to bring**

Lunch and drink for yourself

Anything else you need to take care of yourself.

Commit message:

Fix link to LINE group QR code....
LIKE A BOSS!!!

content/events/2023/03/25barefoot-walking-hanami-spring-2023-kinuta-park.en.md, after:

---
title: "Barefoot Walking and Hanami in Kinuta Park"
tags: [ "2023", "Barefoot Rob", "barefoot", "event", "march", "setagaya", "kinuta", "sakura", "spring", "walk", "はだし", "砧公園", "桜", "裸足のロブ" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2023-03-14T10:07:47+09:00
EventLocation: "Yōga Station then walk to Kinuta Park"
EventTime: "13:00"
TimeDescription: "gather at 13:00; walk from Yōga Station at 13:15"
EventDate: "2023-03-25T13:00:00+09:00"
aliases: [
    "/en/events/2023/03/25barefoot-walking-hanami-spring-2023-kinuta-park/",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2023/hanami_kinuta_ozmall.jpg" "hanami kinuta photo by ozmall" %}}

<div class="note">Photo credit: <a href="https://www.ozmall.co.jp/sakura/data/17510/">https://www.ozmall.co.jp/sakura/data/17510/</a></div>

Enjoy hanami in Kinuta Park!

Refresh your spirit. Touch the earth. Connect with nature.

Barefoot Walking Experience:

Cherry blossom viewing, barefoot walking, breathing, enjoying fresh air.

#### Meeting Point

Saturday 25 March 2023, 13:00

Circular stairs near Yōga Station (North Exit, B1)

<img
src="https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2023/walk_and_talk/meet_here_at_yoga_station.jpg"
alt="meet here at yoga station"
class="title" />

Yōga Station(https://goo.gl/maps/9Aispkras314sCAg7) (at bottom of circular stairs)

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

#### Details

*Enjoy Nature*

Kinuta Park is famous for its cherry blossom (sakura) viewing.
It has at least three varieties:
Someiyoshino, Yamazakura, and Yaezakura.
This makes for a relatively long hanami viewing season of over two weeks.

*Enjoy Connection*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

What to Expect:

* I will talk about how to safely walk barefoot.
* We will feel asphalt, grass, and myriad other surfaces.
* Let's enjoy discovering the park together!
* Time for hanami lunch (bring your lunch; I'll bring tarps)

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

**Donation:**

2000 yen

**What to bring**

Lunch and drink for yourself

Anything else you need to take care of yourself.
