content/blog/2020/05/02bold-life-tribe.md, before:

---
title: "Bold Life Tribe"
tags: [ "blt", "bold", "purpose", "life", "men", "women", "event" ]
categories: [ "blt" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2020-11-01T09:25:00+09:00
---

## Bold Life Tribe ##

* Monday nights, 7pm Japan time (UTC+9).
* For men ready for more in life
* Subscribe below to book your place

### ⭕ BUILD LEADERSHIP ###
### ⭕ SHARPEN YOUR LIFE VISION ###
### ⭕ TAKE ACTION ###
### ⭕ LIVE YOUR PASSIONS ###

## This support group will help you to: ##

* Focus on taking bold action in the world.
* Surround yourself with a supportive community who keep you focused and accountable.
* Live life at choice.
* Be the hero of your own life
* Be the leader of your loving community.

## What is Bold Life Mastery? ##

The Bold Life Tribe year-long course can be repeated
indefinitely as we take daily bold action towards improving our lives.

[![bold life tribe wheel](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2020/blb/thumbs/blb_wheel.png)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2020/blb/blb_wheel.png)

Every month will focus on a different core virtue.  (See Upcoming Schedule below)

## The Jungian Archetypes ##

Bold Life Tribe draws on the energies found in the male Jungian
archetypes. These are sensible and practical. They are universally
shared ideas, symbols, and energies. When you make an important
decision, you exercise careful thought and wisdom (King energy). When
protecting your family from harm, your energy would be sharp, focused,
and fierce (Warrior energy). It’s that simple. The key is knowing
which kind of energy to bring to which situation.

## Costs (for four meetings each month) ##

You are welcome to check out your first meeting free.  Simply [register](/bold-life-brotherhood/registration/) to access the meeting.

* ¥10,000: four sessions per month

<form action="https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr" method="post" target="_top">
<input type="hidden" name="cmd" value="_s-xclick">
<input type="hidden" name="hosted_button_id" value="T32GVS6KMJFGC">
<input type="image" src="https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/JP/i/btn/btn_subscribeCC_LG.gif" border="0" name="submit" alt="PayPal - The safer, easier way to pay online!">
<img alt="" border="0" src="https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/scr/pixel.gif" width="1" height="1">
</form>

Unsubscribe anytime.

## Upcoming Schedule ##

We meet 7pm - ~8:30pm JST, every Monday **except 5th Mondays of a month.**

* November focuses on __[Legacy and Release](/blog/2020/11/01/bold-life-brotherhood-legacy/)__
* December focuses on __Freedom__

## Questions ##

Questions are welcome at rob (A<span>T</span>)robnugen.com or via the
[contact](/contact/) form.

Commit message:

Link to new version
https://www.robnugen.com/bold-life-brotherhood/ was refreshing to this page, so make an easy way to go to correct page

content/blog/2020/05/02bold-life-tribe.md, after:

---
title: "Bold Life Tribe"
tags: [ "blt", "bold", "purpose", "life", "men", "women", "event" ]
categories: [ "blt" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2020-11-01T09:25:00+09:00
---

Bold Life Brotherhood is now open to all:

## [Bold Life Tribe](/bold-life-tribe/) ##

* Monday nights, 7pm Japan time (UTC+9).
* For men ready for more in life
* Subscribe below to book your place

### ⭕ BUILD LEADERSHIP ###
### ⭕ SHARPEN YOUR LIFE VISION ###
### ⭕ TAKE ACTION ###
### ⭕ LIVE YOUR PASSIONS ###

## This support group will help you to: ##

* Focus on taking bold action in the world.
* Surround yourself with a supportive community who keep you focused and accountable.
* Live life at choice.
* Be the hero of your own life
* Be the leader of your loving community.

## What is Bold Life Mastery? ##

The Bold Life Tribe year-long course can be repeated
indefinitely as we take daily bold action towards improving our lives.

[![bold life tribe wheel](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2020/blb/thumbs/blb_wheel.png)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2020/blb/blb_wheel.png)

Every month will focus on a different core virtue.  (See Upcoming Schedule below)

## The Jungian Archetypes ##

Bold Life Tribe draws on the energies found in the male Jungian
archetypes. These are sensible and practical. They are universally
shared ideas, symbols, and energies. When you make an important
decision, you exercise careful thought and wisdom (King energy). When
protecting your family from harm, your energy would be sharp, focused,
and fierce (Warrior energy). It’s that simple. The key is knowing
which kind of energy to bring to which situation.

## Costs (for four meetings each month) ##

You are welcome to check out your first meeting free.  Simply [register](/bold-life-brotherhood/registration/) to access the meeting.

* ¥10,000: four sessions per month

<form action="https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr" method="post" target="_top">
<input type="hidden" name="cmd" value="_s-xclick">
<input type="hidden" name="hosted_button_id" value="T32GVS6KMJFGC">
<input type="image" src="https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/JP/i/btn/btn_subscribeCC_LG.gif" border="0" name="submit" alt="PayPal - The safer, easier way to pay online!">
<img alt="" border="0" src="https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/scr/pixel.gif" width="1" height="1">
</form>

Unsubscribe anytime.

## Upcoming Schedule ##

We meet 7pm - ~8:30pm JST, every Monday **except 5th Mondays of a month.**

* November focuses on __[Legacy and Release](/blog/2020/11/01/bold-life-brotherhood-legacy/)__
* December focuses on __Freedom__

## Questions ##

Questions are welcome at rob (A<span>T</span>)robnugen.com or via the
[contact](/contact/) form.
