content/_index.md, before:

# Connect with earth, and yourself

Online home of Barefoot Rob Nugen

Barefooting is the way to be.  Bare feet help us balance more naturally,


<img
src="//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_jun_05_max_yuma_hiro_rob_yuna.jpg"
alt="five adults standing happily barefoot in grass"
class="title" />


if you'd like to get started in this natural lifestyle, enter your email address to receive my free PDF.

<form style="border:1px solid #ccc;padding:3px;text-align:center;" action="https://tinyletter.com/barefootrob" method="post" target="popupwindow" onsubmit="window.open('https://tinyletter.com/barefootrob', 'popupwindow', 'scrollbars=yes,width=800,height=600');return true"><p><label for="tlemail">Enter your email address</label></p><p><input type="text" style="width:140px" name="email" id="tlemail" /></p><input type="hidden" value="1" name="embed"/><input type="submit" value="Subscribe" /><p><a href="https://tinyletter.com" target="_blank">powered by TinyLetter</a></p></form>


## Upcoming events:

Commit message:

I've been barefoot 21 years and counting

content/_index.md, after:

# Connect with earth, and yourself

Online home of Barefoot Rob Nugen

For 21 years, I've been walking barefoot whenever possible.  What started as simple enjoyment for me has turned into more passion as I realize the many health benefits of walking barefoot.

Societally, we have been encouraged to enclose our feet in too small shoes;
this causes all variety of problems,
[exacerbating bunions](https://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/bunions/symptoms-causes/syc-20354799) <!-- https://web.archive.org/web/20210817235047/https://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/bunions/symptoms-causes/syc-20354799 -->
to
[lower back pain](https://gloverhealth.com/are-your-shoes-causing-your-low-back-pain/). <!-- https://web.archive.org/web/20210301133842/https://gloverhealth.com/are-your-shoes-causing-your-low-back-pain/ -->



Barefooting is the way to be.  Bare feet help us balance more naturally,


<img
src="//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_jun_05_max_yuma_hiro_rob_yuna.jpg"
alt="five adults standing happily barefoot in grass"
class="title" />


if you'd like to get started in this natural lifestyle, enter your email address to receive my free PDF.

<form style="border:1px solid #ccc;padding:3px;text-align:center;" action="https://tinyletter.com/barefootrob" method="post" target="popupwindow" onsubmit="window.open('https://tinyletter.com/barefootrob', 'popupwindow', 'scrollbars=yes,width=800,height=600');return true"><p><label for="tlemail">Enter your email address</label></p><p><input type="text" style="width:140px" name="email" id="tlemail" /></p><input type="hidden" value="1" name="embed"/><input type="submit" value="Subscribe" /><p><a href="https://tinyletter.com" target="_blank">powered by TinyLetter</a></p></form>


## Upcoming events:
