content/about.md, before:

---
title: "About"
tags: [ "barefoot rob", "about" ]
date: 2020-02-10T15:38:44+09:00
---

<img
src="//b.robnugen.com/events/2021/2021_may_24_rob_eye_gazing_for_shibuya.jpeg"
alt="Barefoot Rob - I am happy to see you"
class="half" />

Rob conducts workshops and meetings giving people skills to connect with each other and with their personal life mission.

Rob has been running a men’s peer counseling group in Tokyo since 2015. Rob has been conducting spiritual workshops in both Tokyo and Kanagawa.

As an 18-year resident in Kanagawa, Rob is fully aware of both the joys and pitfalls of life in Japan. In the middle of work, relationships, and other commitments, it is easy to feel cut off, isolated, and eager to find something more meaningful.

My experience in counseling and facilitation work includes:

* 10+ years attending and 4+ years leading a weekly peer counseling circle for men
* 1+ year’s experience suicide hotline volunteer
* 18+ years barefoot walking in Houston Texas and Tokyo Japan
* Shamanic healing training
* ShadowWork basic training

**Your trusted guide**

Doing inner emotional work, you should have a competent and trusted guide. Leading my Peer counseling circles has given me vast experience in navigating this territory.  Do you need someone to hear you?  I can be that person.  Need someone to represent the energy of your father, your mother, your boss, your brother, sister, or your employee?  I can be that person. I can ask you the questions that will help you see the way forward.

My workshops will let you explore what blocks you from offering the best of yourself to the world. We will work through the emotions and allow your inner guidance to shine through.  

## Contact

[Contact](/contact)

[Sign up for a session](//www.calendly.com/robnugen/30min)

## Testimonial

Rob has been an enormous blessing in my life. His facilitation work, guidance,
and leadership have helped me to sense, understand, express and process my own
emotions. He treats each person as a true individual and listens with openness,
care, and compassion. In my personal experience Rob is excellent at both
counseling and facilitation. He can serve a wide range of clients because he
doesn’t have his own agenda, and pays close attention to the subjective and
personal aspects of one’s emotions, life circumstances, and individual values,
goals, or priorities. Whether you are struggling with overwhelming emotions,
seeking greater self understanding, or simply desire more clarity about the
direction you want to go in life, Rob can provide the space, tools, and support
for you to discover your own wisdom.

--Nathan Brandli--

Commit message:

Add Anna and Bob testimonials

content/about.md, after:

---
title: "About"
tags: [ "barefoot rob", "about" ]
date: 2020-02-10T15:38:44+09:00
---

<img
src="//b.robnugen.com/events/2021/2021_may_24_rob_eye_gazing_for_shibuya.jpeg"
alt="Barefoot Rob - I am happy to see you"
class="half" />

Rob conducts workshops and meetings giving people skills to connect with each other and with their personal life mission.

Rob has been running a men’s peer counseling group in Tokyo since 2015. Rob has been conducting spiritual workshops in both Tokyo and Kanagawa.

As an 18-year resident in Kanagawa, Rob is fully aware of both the joys and pitfalls of life in Japan. In the middle of work, relationships, and other commitments, it is easy to feel cut off, isolated, and eager to find something more meaningful.

My experience in counseling and facilitation work includes:

* 10+ years attending and 4+ years leading a weekly peer counseling circle for men
* 1+ year’s experience suicide hotline volunteer
* 18+ years barefoot walking in Houston Texas and Tokyo Japan
* Shamanic healing training
* ShadowWork basic training

**Your trusted guide**

Doing inner emotional work, you should have a competent and trusted guide. Leading my Peer counseling circles has given me vast experience in navigating this territory.  Do you need someone to hear you?  I can be that person.  Need someone to represent the energy of your father, your mother, your boss, your brother, sister, or your employee?  I can be that person. I can ask you the questions that will help you see the way forward.

My workshops will let you explore what blocks you from offering the best of yourself to the world. We will work through the emotions and allow your inner guidance to shine through.  

## Contact

[Contact](/contact)

[Sign up for a session](//www.calendly.com/robnugen/30min)

## Testimonials



[![2021 apr 06 Anna Preuss testimonial](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_apr_06_anna_testimonial.png)](https://www.facebook.com/anna.preuss21/posts/10158946010922655)

I met Rob within in business setting and we set a little group up to be
accountability buddies. During our group meetings I have gotten to know
Rob well and have been continuously impressed by his clear presence,
skills and generosity.  

Recently, I was struggling with a mental blockage and Rob offered to guide me
through a process to explore and resolve the blockage. Rob's thoughtful and
intuitive approach, combined with his grounding energy and gentle commitment
to helping others to heal was super helpful in releasing the old pattern.

Anyone, who feels stuck and wants a helping hand or maybe just needs to be
listened, would find a session with Rob beneficial. I highly recommend Rob!

-- Anna Preuss


Rob has been an enormous blessing in my life. His facilitation work, guidance,
and leadership have helped me to sense, understand, express and process my own
emotions. He treats each person as a true individual and listens with openness,
care, and compassion. In my personal experience Rob is excellent at both
counseling and facilitation. He can serve a wide range of clients because he
doesn’t have his own agenda, and pays close attention to the subjective and
personal aspects of one’s emotions, life circumstances, and individual values,
goals, or priorities. Whether you are struggling with overwhelming emotions,
seeking greater self understanding, or simply desire more clarity about the
direction you want to go in life, Rob can provide the space, tools, and support
for you to discover your own wisdom.

-- Nathan Brandli


![2020 dec 30 bob mayhew testimonial](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2020_dec_30_bob_mayhew_testimonial.png)
