content/contact.md, before:

---
title: "Contact"
tags: [ "barefoot rob", "contact" ]
date: 2020-02-10T15:38:44+09:00
---

You can keep up with our upcoming workshops and events on [meetup.com Tokyo Sol](https://www.meetup.com/Tokyo-Sol-barefoot-more/) or [Barefoot Rob on Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/barefootrob/events)

Interested in 1-on-1 sessions or attending other events?  Feel free to get in touch below:

<form class="pure-form pure-form-stacked" name="contact" method="POST" netlify-honeypot="page" data-netlify="true">

<div>
    <label class="pure-form" for="name">
        Name:
        <input class="pure-form" id="name" size="50" name="name" type="text" maxlength="255" value="" />
    </label>
</div>

<p class="hidden">
    <label>Don’t fill this out if you're human:<input class="pure-form" name="page" /></label>
</p>

<div>
    <label class="pure-form" for="email">
        Email or other contact info:
        <input class="pure-form" id="email" size="50" name="email" type="text" maxlength="255" value="" />
    </label>
</div>

<div>
    <label class="pure-form" for="inquiry">
        Inquiry:
        <textarea id="inquiry" rows="10" cols="120" name="inquiry"></textarea>
    </label>
</div>

<input class="pure-form" id="saveForm" class="button_text" type="submit" name="submit" value="Submit" />

</form>

Commit message:

Update contact page with LINE QR code
Encourage visits to my /events page

content/contact.md, after:

---
title: "Contact"
tags: [ "barefoot rob", "contact" ]
date: 2020-02-10T15:38:44+09:00
---

To join our Walking Meditation LINE group, PM me:

[![2021 apr 03 rob line qr code text walking meditation](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_apr_03_rob_line_qr_code_text_walking_meditation.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_apr_03_rob_line_qr_code_text_walking_meditation.jpg)

<div class="note">(click image to enlarge)</div>


Events are always on my [Events page](/events/) first!  (No tracking, no cookies!)
I sometimes post events on [meetup.com Tokyo Sol](https://www.meetup.com/Tokyo-Sol-barefoot-more/) or [Barefoot Rob on Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/barefootrob/events)

Interested in 1-on-1 sessions or attending other events?  Feel free to get in touch below:

<form class="pure-form pure-form-stacked" name="contact" method="POST" netlify-honeypot="page" data-netlify="true">

<div>
    <label class="pure-form" for="name">
        Name:
        <input class="pure-form" id="name" size="50" name="name" type="text" maxlength="255" value="" />
    </label>
</div>

<p class="hidden">
    <label>Don’t fill this out if you're human:<input class="pure-form" name="page" /></label>
</p>

<div>
    <label class="pure-form" for="email">
        Email or other contact info:
        <input class="pure-form" id="email" size="50" name="email" type="text" maxlength="255" value="" />
    </label>
</div>

<div>
    <label class="pure-form" for="inquiry">
        Inquiry:
        <textarea id="inquiry" rows="10" cols="120" name="inquiry"></textarea>
    </label>
</div>

<input class="pure-form" id="saveForm" class="button_text" type="submit" name="submit" value="Submit" />

</form>
