templates/event_templates/cuddle_party/mindful_impact/mindful_impact.en.md, before:

---
title: "%s"
tags: [ %s ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: %s
EventLocation: "EVENT_LOCATION"
EventTime: "EVENT_TIME"
TimeDescription: "gather by ARRIVE_BY_TIME at EVENT_LOCATION"
EventDate: "%sTEVENT_TIME:00+09:00"
EventType: "Cuddle Party"
aliases: [
    "/enalias_path",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "episode_image" "episode_image_alt" %}}

<div class="note">Image credit:
<a href="IMAGE_CREDIT">IMAGE_CREDIT</a>
</div>

#### What is a Cuddle Party?

A Cuddle Party is a non-sexual social event
where participants practice communication and
optionally explore platonic touch.
Attendees practice setting clear boundaries,
communicating their desires, and
respecting each others' limits in a safe space.

Cuddle Parties provide an opportunity for nurturing,
platonic touch and intimacy, which supports well-being
and balanced emotions.

While sexual activity is prohibited at Cuddle Parties,
some light touching like hugs, caresses, and
snuggling is allowed between consenting attendees.

[![cuddle party hands](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2023/thumbs/cuddle_party_hands.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2023/cuddle_party_hands.jpg)
[![cuddle party spooning](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2023/thumbs/cuddle_party_spooning.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2023/cuddle_party_spooning.jpg)

<div class="note">Images credit:
<a href="https://cuddleparty.com/">https://cuddleparty.com/</a>
</div>

At a Cuddle Party, physical contact is optional.
The primary goals of a Cuddle Party are to practice
exploring consent and communication with others.

#### RSVP on Peatix

TICKET_LINK

#### What do we do at a Cuddle Party?

We do two main things at Cuddle Parties:

1. Practice consent.<br>
  A key part of Cuddle Parties is learning
  how to communicate your desires and
  how to respect others' requests.
2. Consensual platonic touch.<br>
  Optionally experience and appreciate
  caring touch from other like-minded people.

We’ll start with an Welcome Circle to get us settled.
We’ll then go through the rules of Cuddle Party
in a mini communication workshop, allowing participants
to practice inner awareness and clear expression of boundaries.

After the communication workshop,
we'll have 2 or more hours of Self-Directed Connection

    Now it is time for you to ask for what you want, say yes and no to
    requests and invitations, cuddle according to your desires and comfort
    (or just talk if you prefer), connect with fascinating people,
    "cuddle mingle," and, ultimately, relax into the flow of an unusually
    playful and respectful social environment.

    Some participants cuddle in groups, others one-on-one,
    while some like to talk and not cuddle for a time, or not at all.
    Cuddling can mean feet against feet, full-body hugs, head-rubs,
    spooning — it is, indeed, up to you.
    And, configurations and positions shift significantly
    throughout the event, thanks in part to Rule 6:
    You are encouraged to change your mind.

    from: https://cuddleparty.com/what-is-a-cuddle-party/

We'll finish with a closing circle to reflect on our experience.

#### Why?

Clear communication allows more harmonious relationships,
regardless of the context.

Nurturing and consensual touch supports a healthy life,
strong nervous system, and balanced emotions.

<img
src="https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2023/cuddle_party_circle.jpg"
alt="cuddle party circle"
class="title" />
<div class="note">Image credit:
<a href="https://cuddleparty.com/">https://cuddleparty.com/</a>
</div>

#### Testimonials

<div>

    It was a great event. Thank you so much.
    Hope more and more people will join the event.
    For us Japanese, we don't communicate that much by hugging,
    but I think people need it. Hugging helps people a lot to be feeling safe.
    It was a great workshop.

    ー Lily

</div>
<div>

    Rob, you are fantastic.
    There really should be more events like this,
    which have great potential to heal this broken world.
    Our society would be so much better if we learned
    this type of communication at school instead of things
    like algebra and geometry that most of us never use and
    forget as soon as the course is over.

    ー Andy Boerger

</div>
<div>

    Rob definitely created a safe space for strangers
    coming together at a Cuddle Party to connect with
    one another in a warm, confident, fun, playful and
    loving way. He was able to demonstrate very quickly
    how to use curiousity to explore play and touch in
    an intimate yet platonic setting.
    I had such a fun time, it was beyond my expectation
    of what a Cuddle Party is in my mind. I felt I received
    a lot of healing from receiving and giving affection
    and touch. It was fun to connect with the other
    participants as well.
    I highly recommend this experience to anyone
    who is looking for connection, willing to allow
    their inner child to play and express and receive
    love through the power of touch.
    I definitely will be coming back again!

    ー Jess X Goh

</div>

#### When

HUMANDATE

Please arrive between FIRST_GATHERING_TIME and ARRIVE_BY_TIME
so we can be settled and start our Welcome Circle at EVENT_TIME.

#### Where

5 minutes walk from Ikejiri-Ohashi Station (Details upon RSVP)

#### Cost

* TICKET_PRICE yen for 1 person

[Buy tickets on Peatix](TICKET_LINK)

#### Fine print

Must be 18+ to attend.
This is a sober event - please do not attend under the influence.

CANCELLATION: Please let me know if you cannot come.
Tickets are nonrefundable, but credit for future events
will be provided for cancellations up until the day of the event.

##### COVID considerations

We will not require any special
COVID-19 precautions for this event.
Vaccines and masks are optional.
Of course, if you're feeling ill,
please stay home. Otherwise, welcome.

#### About me, “Barefoot” Rob Nugen

I have a passion for connecting with the world around me,
especially walking barefoot. This helps me to stay grounded,
and appreciate the beauty of the present moment.
I’m leading Cuddle Party events to help welcome us
back into connection after an isolating pandemic.

I have been running a men’s peer counseling group
in Tokyo since 2015, and conducting in-person
workshops in both Tokyo and Kanagawa since 2018.

    Rob is amazing. He is a perfect facilitator in every way.
    He is caring, kind, self-effacing, honest. Ten out of ten.

    ー Andy Boerger

Commit message:

First draft of changes for Mindful Impact Cuddle Party

templates/event_templates/cuddle_party/mindful_impact/mindful_impact.en.md, after:

---
title: "%s"
tags: [ %s ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: %s
EventLocation: "EVENT_LOCATION"
EventTime: "EVENT_TIME"
TimeDescription: "gather by ARRIVE_BY_TIME at EVENT_LOCATION"
EventDate: "%sTEVENT_TIME:00+10:30"
EventType: "Cuddle Party"
aliases: [
    "/enalias_path",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "episode_image" "episode_image_alt" %}}

<div class="note">Image credit:
<a href="IMAGE_CREDIT">IMAGE_CREDIT</a>
</div>

#### What is a Cuddle Party?

A Cuddle Party is a non-sexual social event
where participants practice communication and
optionally explore platonic touch.
Attendees practice setting clear boundaries,
communicating their desires, and
respecting each others' limits in a safe space.

Cuddle Parties provide an opportunity for nurturing,
platonic touch and intimacy, which supports well-being
and balanced emotions.

While sexual activity is prohibited at Cuddle Parties,
some light touching like hugs, caresses, and
snuggling is allowed between consenting attendees.

[![cuddle party hands](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2023/thumbs/cuddle_party_hands.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2023/cuddle_party_hands.jpg)
[![cuddle party spooning](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2023/thumbs/cuddle_party_spooning.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2023/cuddle_party_spooning.jpg)

<div class="note">Images credit:
<a href="https://cuddleparty.com/">https://cuddleparty.com/</a>
</div>

At a Cuddle Party, physical contact is optional.
The primary goals of a Cuddle Party are to practice
exploring consent and communication with others.

#### RSVP on Humanitix

TICKET_LINK

#### What do we do at a Cuddle Party?

We do two main things at Cuddle Parties:

1. Practice consent.<br>
  A key part of Cuddle Parties is learning
  how to communicate your desires and
  how to respect others' requests.
2. Consensual platonic touch.<br>
  Optionally experience and appreciate
  caring touch from other like-minded people.

We’ll start with an Welcome Circle to get us settled.
We’ll then go through the rules of Cuddle Party
in a mini communication workshop, allowing participants
to practice inner awareness and clear expression of boundaries.

After the communication workshop,
we'll have 2 or more hours of Self-Directed Connection

    Now it is time for you to ask for what you want, say yes and no to
    requests and invitations, cuddle according to your desires and comfort
    (or just talk if you prefer), connect with fascinating people,
    "cuddle mingle," and, ultimately, relax into the flow of an unusually
    playful and respectful social environment.

    Some participants cuddle in groups, others one-on-one,
    while some like to talk and not cuddle for a time, or not at all.
    Cuddling can mean feet against feet, full-body hugs, head-rubs,
    spooning — it is, indeed, up to you.
    And, configurations and positions shift significantly
    throughout the event, thanks in part to Rule 6:
    You are encouraged to change your mind.

    from: https://cuddleparty.com/what-is-a-cuddle-party/

We'll finish with a closing circle to reflect on our experience.

#### Benefits

Clear communication allows more harmonious relationships,
regardless of the context.

Nurturing and consensual touch supports a healthy life,
strong nervous system, and balanced emotions.

<img
src="https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2023/cuddle_party_circle.jpg"
alt="cuddle party circle"
class="title" />
<div class="note">Image credit:
<a href="https://cuddleparty.com/">https://cuddleparty.com/</a>
</div>

#### Testimonials

<div>

    It was a great event. Thank you so much.
    Hope more and more people will join the event.
    For us Japanese, we don't communicate that much by hugging,
    but I think people need it. Hugging helps people a lot to be feeling safe.
    It was a great workshop.

    ー Lily

</div>
<div>

    Rob, you are fantastic.
    There really should be more events like this,
    which have great potential to heal this broken world.
    Our society would be so much better if we learned
    this type of communication at school instead of things
    like algebra and geometry that most of us never use and
    forget as soon as the course is over.

    ー Andy Boerger

</div>
<div>

    Rob definitely created a safe space for strangers
    coming together at a Cuddle Party to connect with
    one another in a warm, confident, fun, playful and
    loving way. He was able to demonstrate very quickly
    how to use curiousity to explore play and touch in
    an intimate yet platonic setting.
    I had such a fun time, it was beyond my expectation
    of what a Cuddle Party is in my mind. I felt I received
    a lot of healing from receiving and giving affection
    and touch. It was fun to connect with the other
    participants as well.
    I highly recommend this experience to anyone
    who is looking for connection, willing to allow
    their inner child to play and express and receive
    love through the power of touch.
    I definitely will be coming back again!

    ー Jess X Goh

</div>

#### When

HUMANDATE

Please arrive between FIRST_GATHERING_TIME and ARRIVE_BY_TIME
so we can be settled and start our Welcome Circle at EVENT_TIME.

#### Where

[Mindful Impact](https://mindfulimpact.com.au/studio) in Crafers

#### Cost

* $TICKET_PRICE for 1 person

RSVP on Humanitix TICKET_LINK

#### Includes

Vegan pizza from Crafers Pizza Bar

#### Please Bring

* a pillow or two
* comfortable clothes (modest pyjamas)

#### Arrive On Time

Once we begin the Welcome Circle and orientation, sorry, we can let no one enter late. This creates comfort and safety by knowing that everyone is on the same page about rules and expectations.

#### Fine print

Must be 18+ to attend.
<br>This is a sober event - please do not attend under the influence.

CANCELLATION: Please let me know if you cannot come.
<br>Tickets are nonrefundable, but credit for future events
will be provided for cancellations up until the day of the event.

#### Your Facilitator, Rob Nugen

I have a passion for connecting with the world around me,
especially walking barefoot. This helps me to stay grounded,
and appreciate the beauty of the present moment.

I established a men’s peer counseling group
in Tokyo in 2015, and have been conducting in-person
workshops in both Japan and Australia since 2018.


    Rob is amazing. He is a perfect facilitator in every way.
    He is caring, kind, self-effacing, honest. Ten out of ten.

    ー Andy Boerger
