content/events/2021/07/16walking-meditation-near-shin-yurigaoka.md, before:

---
title: "Walking Meditation near Shin Yurigaoka"
tags: [ "event", "walk", "meditation", "suburb" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2021-06-23T13:06:26+09:00
TimeDescription: "gather at 11:45; start walking at noon"
EventDate: "2021-07-16"
aliases: [
    "16walking-meditation-near-shin-yurigaoka",
]
---

<img
src="//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_july_16_walking_meditation_hiro_kyoko_andy_rob_travis_hiro.jpg"
alt="Hiro, Kyoko, Andy, Rob, Travis, Hiro after walking meditation"
class="title" />

<div class="note">(image credit: Rinko Hayashi)</div>

We had a great time!   https://www.robnugen.com/en/blog/2021/07/16/great-fun-walking-meditation-in-manpukuji-park/

#### When

**11:45am Friday 16 July 2021**

#### Where

**Meet in Shin Yurigaoka [between KFC, MUFG, and Dean and Deluca](https://goo.gl/maps/aoY2j7WxkNjSC2u98)**  35°36'13.3"N 139°30'29.5"E  https://w3w.co/locator.juggler.nail

Meet by the mailboxes:

[![July 16th meeting point](//b.robnugen.com/journal/2021/manpukuji_hayama_park/thumbs/2021_jun_24_pre_manpukuji_hayama_meeting_point.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/journal/2021/manpukuji_hayama_park/2021_jun_24_pre_manpukuji_hayama_meeting_point.jpg)

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

#### Details

*Enjoy Nature*

Manpukuji Hayama Park has lots of big beautiful trees and benches for sitting.

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

11:45am Meet in Shin Yurigaoka at https://w3w.co/locator.juggler.nail  https://goo.gl/maps/aoY2j7WxkNjSC2u98

12:00 noon: Walk to Manpukuji Hayama Park

What to Expect:

* We will meet at 11:45 and leave Shin Yurigaoka Station at noon.
* If it's raining, we will just walk around a park.
* If it's dry; we can find a place to sit.
* I will guide us in meditation, including walking meditation.
* Feel free to take off your shoes; whatever makes you comfortable.

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

**Costs:**

free! (This will be the last of my free walking meditations)

**What to bring**

* Mosquito repellent
* Bring a bag to carry your shoes in case you want to try walking barefoot.
* Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!

Commit message:

Fix link to LINE group QR code....
LIKE A BOSS!!!

content/events/2021/07/16walking-meditation-near-shin-yurigaoka.md, after:

---
title: "Walking Meditation near Shin Yurigaoka"
tags: [ "event", "walk", "meditation", "suburb" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2021-06-23T13:06:26+09:00
TimeDescription: "gather at 11:45; start walking at noon"
EventDate: "2021-07-16"
aliases: [
    "16walking-meditation-near-shin-yurigaoka",
]
---

<img
src="//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_july_16_walking_meditation_hiro_kyoko_andy_rob_travis_hiro.jpg"
alt="Hiro, Kyoko, Andy, Rob, Travis, Hiro after walking meditation"
class="title" />

<div class="note">(image credit: Rinko Hayashi)</div>

We had a great time!   https://www.robnugen.com/en/blog/2021/07/16/great-fun-walking-meditation-in-manpukuji-park/

#### When

**11:45am Friday 16 July 2021**

#### Where

**Meet in Shin Yurigaoka [between KFC, MUFG, and Dean and Deluca](https://goo.gl/maps/aoY2j7WxkNjSC2u98)**  35°36'13.3"N 139°30'29.5"E  https://w3w.co/locator.juggler.nail

Meet by the mailboxes:

[![July 16th meeting point](//b.robnugen.com/journal/2021/manpukuji_hayama_park/thumbs/2021_jun_24_pre_manpukuji_hayama_meeting_point.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/journal/2021/manpukuji_hayama_park/2021_jun_24_pre_manpukuji_hayama_meeting_point.jpg)

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

#### Details

*Enjoy Nature*

Manpukuji Hayama Park has lots of big beautiful trees and benches for sitting.

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

11:45am Meet in Shin Yurigaoka at https://w3w.co/locator.juggler.nail  https://goo.gl/maps/aoY2j7WxkNjSC2u98

12:00 noon: Walk to Manpukuji Hayama Park

What to Expect:

* We will meet at 11:45 and leave Shin Yurigaoka Station at noon.
* If it's raining, we will just walk around a park.
* If it's dry; we can find a place to sit.
* I will guide us in meditation, including walking meditation.
* Feel free to take off your shoes; whatever makes you comfortable.

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

**Costs:**

free! (This will be the last of my free walking meditations)

**What to bring**

* Mosquito repellent
* Bring a bag to carry your shoes in case you want to try walking barefoot.
* Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!
