templates/event_templates/walk_and_talk/rinko_park/porta_to_rinko_park.en.md, before:

---
title: "%s"
tags: [ %s ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: %s
EventLocation: "EVENT_LOCATION"
EventTime: "EVENT_TIME"
TimeDescription: "gather at FIRST_GATHERING_TIME in Porta near Pronto Cafe"
EventDate: "%sTEVENT_TIME:00+09:00"
EventType: "Barefoot by the sea"
aliases: [
    "/enalias_path",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "episode_image" "episode_image_alt" %}}

Refresh your spirit. Touch the earth. Touch the sea.
Connect with yourself and nature.

Barefoot walking, breathing, enjoying fresh sea breeze.

#### First Meeting Point

HUMANDATE, FIRST_GATHERING_TIME ~ FIRST_DEPARTURE_TIME

In front of Cafe “Pronto” in Porta Yokohama
↓↓↓↓↓↓↓
※1 min from JR Yokohama Station /
Go down the escalator at the entrance of Porta.
You will see Pronto on the right side.
https://www.yokohamaporta.jp/language/english.html

#### Second Meeting Point is Rinko Park

HUMANDATE, EVENT_TIME

Grassy space in **[Rinko Park in Yokohama](https://goo.gl/maps/k5XcA7ueXCCsPErV9)**, next to Rinko Park Arch Bridge.

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

#### Details

*Enjoy Nature*

Rinko Park features
large grassy open spaces surrounded by trees,
plus concrete steps, walkways, and a bridge,
great for experiencing many surfaces barefoot.

*Enjoy Connection*

Enjoy connection to yourself and our community.
Share new experiences with like-minded others.

Enjoy the present moment by settling into your the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

What to Expect:

* I will talk about how to safely walk barefoot.
* We will feel grass, concrete, and sea breeze.
* Let's enjoy discovering the park together!
* If the weather is nice, bring lunch to enjoy in the park!

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

**Donation:**

1000 yen

**What to bring**

Lunch if you'd like to join us for lunch!

Anything else you need to take care of yourself.

No need for a shoe bag; we'll be walking in sight of our belongings.

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!

Commit message:

Fix link to LINE group QR code....
LIKE A BOSS!!!

templates/event_templates/walk_and_talk/rinko_park/porta_to_rinko_park.en.md, after:

---
title: "%s"
tags: [ %s ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: %s
EventLocation: "EVENT_LOCATION"
EventTime: "EVENT_TIME"
TimeDescription: "gather at FIRST_GATHERING_TIME in Porta near Pronto Cafe"
EventDate: "%sTEVENT_TIME:00+09:00"
EventType: "Barefoot by the sea"
aliases: [
    "/enalias_path",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "episode_image" "episode_image_alt" %}}

Refresh your spirit. Touch the earth. Touch the sea.
Connect with yourself and nature.

Barefoot walking, breathing, enjoying fresh sea breeze.

#### First Meeting Point

HUMANDATE, FIRST_GATHERING_TIME ~ FIRST_DEPARTURE_TIME

In front of Cafe “Pronto” in Porta Yokohama
↓↓↓↓↓↓↓
※1 min from JR Yokohama Station /
Go down the escalator at the entrance of Porta.
You will see Pronto on the right side.
https://www.yokohamaporta.jp/language/english.html

#### Second Meeting Point is Rinko Park

HUMANDATE, EVENT_TIME

Grassy space in **[Rinko Park in Yokohama](https://goo.gl/maps/k5XcA7ueXCCsPErV9)**, next to Rinko Park Arch Bridge.

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

#### Details

*Enjoy Nature*

Rinko Park features
large grassy open spaces surrounded by trees,
plus concrete steps, walkways, and a bridge,
great for experiencing many surfaces barefoot.

*Enjoy Connection*

Enjoy connection to yourself and our community.
Share new experiences with like-minded others.

Enjoy the present moment by settling into your the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

What to Expect:

* I will talk about how to safely walk barefoot.
* We will feel grass, concrete, and sea breeze.
* Let's enjoy discovering the park together!
* If the weather is nice, bring lunch to enjoy in the park!

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

**Donation:**

1000 yen

**What to bring**

Lunch if you'd like to join us for lunch!

Anything else you need to take care of yourself.

No need for a shoe bag; we'll be walking in sight of our belongings.

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!
