content/events/2022/03/30welcome-spring-with-blue-cafe-barefoot-walking-event-near-izumi-tamagawa.en.md, before:

---
title: "Welcome Spring with Blue Cafe barefoot walking event near Izumi Tamagawa"
tags: [ "2022", "Barefoot Rob", "barefoot", "blue-cafe", "event", "izumi-tamagawa", "march", "riverside", "spring", "tamagawa", "walk", "はだし", "多摩川", "裸足のロブ" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2022-03-17T20:19:36+09:00
EventLocation: "Izumi Tamagawa"
EventTime: "16:15"
TimeDescription: "gather at 15:30; walk to Blue Cafe at 15:45; walk to Tama River around 16:15"
EventDate: "2022-03-30T16:15:00+09:00"
aliases: [
    "/en/events/2022/03/30welcome-spring-with-blue-cafe-barefoot-walking-event-near-izumi-tamagawa",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/cawa_no_mamiko.png" "cawa no mamiko" %}}

<div class="note">Image credit:
<a href="https://www.instagram.com/cawa_sanpo/">https://www.instagram.com/cawa_sanpo/</a>
</div>

Refresh your spirit. Touch the earth. Connect with nature. Connect with friends.

Enjoy chatting and barefoot walking: share new experiences with like-minded friends!

#### Join Us

**Meeting Spot #1 15:30 by the [benches near Izumi-Tamagawa station](https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8)**
https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8

[![2021 aug 16 izumi tamagawa meeting spot](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_aug_16_izumi_tamagawa_meeting_spot.png)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_aug_16_izumi_tamagawa_meeting_spot.png)

**Meeting Spot #2 around 15:45 [Blue Cafe Tamagawa](https://blue-tamagawa.jp/#section2)**
https://goo.gl/maps/PX2LgNKF9iz4EyXx9

[![blue cafe](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/thumbs/blue_cafe.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/blue_cafe.jpg)

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

#### Details

15:30 Meet at Izumi-Tamagawa Station near benches https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8

15:45: Walk toward Blue Cafe

16:15: Go to riverside for barefoot walk and talk event

*Enjoy Grass*

We'll walk on grassy area next to Tama River.

The grass is nice for walking and relaxing.  We sometimes play frisbee on the field!

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

*Stay Updated*

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

**Donation:**

500 yen

**What to bring**

Whatever you need to take care of yourself.  Bring lightweight
shoes for the short (~5 minute) walk to the river.  Watch for little rocks!

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!

**Covid Considerations**

You know the situation.  I know you have thought about it and I trust you
to make a good decision for yourself.  If you want a group with masks,
I recommend https://www.meetup.com/tokyospontaneous

Commit message:

Fix link to LINE group QR code....
LIKE A BOSS!!!

content/events/2022/03/30welcome-spring-with-blue-cafe-barefoot-walking-event-near-izumi-tamagawa.en.md, after:

---
title: "Welcome Spring with Blue Cafe barefoot walking event near Izumi Tamagawa"
tags: [ "2022", "Barefoot Rob", "barefoot", "blue-cafe", "event", "izumi-tamagawa", "march", "riverside", "spring", "tamagawa", "walk", "はだし", "多摩川", "裸足のロブ" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2022-03-17T20:19:36+09:00
EventLocation: "Izumi Tamagawa"
EventTime: "16:15"
TimeDescription: "gather at 15:30; walk to Blue Cafe at 15:45; walk to Tama River around 16:15"
EventDate: "2022-03-30T16:15:00+09:00"
aliases: [
    "/en/events/2022/03/30welcome-spring-with-blue-cafe-barefoot-walking-event-near-izumi-tamagawa",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/cawa_no_mamiko.png" "cawa no mamiko" %}}

<div class="note">Image credit:
<a href="https://www.instagram.com/cawa_sanpo/">https://www.instagram.com/cawa_sanpo/</a>
</div>

Refresh your spirit. Touch the earth. Connect with nature. Connect with friends.

Enjoy chatting and barefoot walking: share new experiences with like-minded friends!

#### Join Us

**Meeting Spot #1 15:30 by the [benches near Izumi-Tamagawa station](https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8)**
https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8

[![2021 aug 16 izumi tamagawa meeting spot](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_aug_16_izumi_tamagawa_meeting_spot.png)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_aug_16_izumi_tamagawa_meeting_spot.png)

**Meeting Spot #2 around 15:45 [Blue Cafe Tamagawa](https://blue-tamagawa.jp/#section2)**
https://goo.gl/maps/PX2LgNKF9iz4EyXx9

[![blue cafe](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/thumbs/blue_cafe.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/blue_cafe.jpg)

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

#### Details

15:30 Meet at Izumi-Tamagawa Station near benches https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8

15:45: Walk toward Blue Cafe

16:15: Go to riverside for barefoot walk and talk event

*Enjoy Grass*

We'll walk on grassy area next to Tama River.

The grass is nice for walking and relaxing.  We sometimes play frisbee on the field!

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

*Stay Updated*

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

**Donation:**

500 yen

**What to bring**

Whatever you need to take care of yourself.  Bring lightweight
shoes for the short (~5 minute) walk to the river.  Watch for little rocks!

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!

**Covid Considerations**

You know the situation.  I know you have thought about it and I trust you
to make a good decision for yourself.  If you want a group with masks,
I recommend https://www.meetup.com/tokyospontaneous
