---
title: "1424 Phone Broke During Walk"
type: "book"
tags: [ "book", "broke", "erg", "phone" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2021-06-07T15:28:19+09:00
EventDate: "2021-04-24"
aliases: [
    "/quests/slow-down/2021-05-17_phone-broke-during-walk",
]
draft: false
---

<img
src=""
alt=""
class="title" />


So my phone died during the walk, it was surprising to say the
least. I know exactly where it happened. I don't know why it
happened. I can guess. But I haven't. I don't know for sure.

walking across. Gosh, okay, so I was walking across a river, I took a
video of me walking across the river. And the video ended up on Google
Cloud or on Google in Google Photos, I believe. And yet, by the time I
walked to the end of the bridge, and turn the phone back on to check
how you were I needed to turn the phone didn't come back on. And I was
like, Ah, that's weird. Because it had just been working fine. Taking
the video. And it wasn't the battery. I mean, I, I had char, I had a
battery pack to charge it. So I tried to charge it didn't help. And so
basically, I was without a phone for that dress that day. And I was
like, Huh, because I was planning to meet my wife that day, I did not
have a map of where I was going without the phone. Without the phone,
I didn't have a map. And without the phone, I couldn't call
Lynn. Fortunately, I do have her phone number memorized. And
fortunately, I did know the name of where I wanted to go. Or maybe
just the description was enough. It was an shibukawa. So I walked down
the slope past the bridge. And it's like, a very, not industrial area,
but like a business area, but very few people were there. As in none
the requirement anyway, but I looking around, I happen to see a woman
just happened to come out of her front door. And I was like, Hello, I
am trying to go to the to the shibukawa. Sky term. That's a
mispronunciation in Japanese, by the way to talk to me, I think that's
like, taught taught me is the Japanese version. And she's like, Oh,
yeah, just go down the street, go to the second light, which is pretty
far and then turn right. And it go even further. And you'll be
there. And I was like, cool. And went to your it matched what was in
my brain of how to go like, keep going for a bit and then turn
right. So that was good news. And so I just I trusted her guidance and
walk to the second light turned right. Walked for a little way saw
convenience store, talk to the next guy as I Hey, where's this thing?
And he's like, keep on going down the street. And it'll be on your
right and I was like, cool. So I got there easily enough. It was all
fine. And that also that had been my one of my fallback plans was to
know where I needed to go each night and just ask people along the
way, Hey, where's this thing? And they would give me finer and finer
detail as I got closer and closer. So anyway, I got to the thing
called Lin on their phone, explained the situation. Hey, can I borrow
your phone? And uh, yeah, very, very friendly. So I'm glad about
that. And called Lin. She was late due to traffic. She's driving out
to meet me. This was like date 10 I think day 10 No, it was day
nine. And therefore the 16th of April and nine plus on the 14th of
April. Sorry. Interesting. So

basically add 15 days during April, add fifth to subtract 15 days from
the date in April to get my walk number so, April 16 was day number
one of my walk. Today number nine of my walk was now I'm
confused. Nine plus 15. When I say so 24. April 24. Why am I so
confused anyway, fuck it. This has been recorded so I can figure out
what just happened. So I believe it was April 24. It was day nine of
my walk because I remember day 10 got wasted and I'll tell you why
soon. Matlin. It was interesting. After I changed into my outdoor
clothes, I was not allowed to sit on certain chairs in the waiting
area, and it wasn't like fancy chairs but like these chairs are okay,
but those chairs are only for people who are wearing the right
clothes. Dude, okay, whatever. didn't even try to find it. I was like,
okay, fuck off whatever. I don't care. But fair enough on the woman
for like, coming up to me did let me know. But it's a weird
rule. Anyway, cuz they can't distinguish who paid I guess unless I
have the right clothes on. Anyway. I so Linden Lin came is like Wow,
good to see you again. You know, and you know, connected and shared
and a lot of dots. And then we decided to leave. She didn't want to do
she didn't want to take more time to do the onsen. That night. That's
the hot spring. So because it was too late for her to get there. And
so we drove she drove me the what would have been a 45 minute walk to
the hotel, where I had booked a single room and they were like, to me,
they said there's no double rooms available. Sorry, get out of
here. But when Lin called she was able to negotiate that we stayed in
double room. I don't think an extra price I'm not sure. But that was
great. That was I think the hotel taught to me, I think video is the
place right after the five story hotspring which is kind of cool
because like each the women's side and the men's side were on opposite
sides of this like spaceship looking thing on top of a four storey
tower and could just be like looking out onto the world over the rice
fields with your with your dangling hanging. And so it's an
interesting kind of experience to be up there. And relatively cheap
for the price it'd be it'd be cool to go with the men's group or
something. So I went to the hotel, completely exhausted just like
sleep. And next day went to it's funny to hear Lin tell the story of
the next night which I'll try to tell here. The hotel wasn't I mean,
it wasn't anything to really to write home about his late they had
food they had an onsen or a hot spring. Once a cold Yeah, like a
public bath thing, but only One group at a time could use it. It
wasn't like, per gender. But that was good. So we, we booked our time
and we went in there and didn't do anything. Besides just take a
shower, and I just went back to sleep. But I can't think of anything
else. I can't even think of anything else that they're worth talking
about. The next day, Len drove me to the phone shop, to try to get my
phone replaced, because I had a warranty

insurance on it. And they were like, nope, because I was
traveling. And they couldn't figure out how to prove that I would get
the phone back to them if they gave me a loaner phone. And I was like,
I'm not coming back to your shop here is too far away from my
house. And they couldn't get in touch with it was really a frustrating
situation. Let me be very direct about that. It was super frustrating
because their story kept changing. They were like, Oh, yeah, we can do
it. And then Oh, wait, no, we can't. And then oh, maybe we can do it
right now and get you the new phone then? Oh, wait, no, we can't. And
like back and forth kind of thing. And I'm not sure why that was
happening. And the poor girl, they're like going back and forth
between us and heard the back office of their little shop. But what if
what, God? It's unbelievable to me what the final answer that they
gave, like, basically, they couldn't. I can barely even tell the story
without getting angry about is it makes no sense to me. They couldn't
get in touch with the phone shop. near my, near our house near our
station, there's an au shop. They tried to call the shop. But
apparently, they're busy or whatever, and wouldn't answer the phone or
have the wrong phone. I mean, who knows. But because they couldn't get
in touch with the shop, to confirm that I could take the phone, the
loaner phone back to that shop. They said they can't do it. Which is
semi sorta like, Okay. However, there are hundreds of au shops in the
Tokyo area, any of which I'd be happy to bring the phone back to. Then
they said, Oh, we can't give you a loaner phone because your plan is a
five g plan. And we only have four g phones. And I was like, dude, if
that is the actual reason, why did you spend an hour going back and
forth? Trying to figure out? I mean, it's like it's completely
nonsensical, because Anyway, my phone was being used as a 4g phone
through the backwaters of deriving their area through these, like not
very large city areas that don't have 5g towers. Good on them. Fair
enough. Who cares? Just give me a phone. Right? So they know that from
the very outset, what's your name? What's your phone number,
therefore, they have my account information. They know it's a 5g
account, if that's what they care about. Oh guy was so frustrating. I
was like, Are you fucking kidding me? spent an hour with this
bullshit. God, it was a nightmare. And I mean, of the First World
variety, but it's like, dude, just God, you know? Cuz it was because
of that kind of crap that I didn't walk that day. And so there
actually was some upside to that like Lynette to spend time with Lynn
and who drove around and all that was great. But, Dude, come on, you
know, just it was super frustrating. And I don't even know if it's
really going to come across in the vert in the text version of this as
I, as I'm reading this by voice right now, but it was very fucking
frustrating. So let me go on the good side of things. At one point. I,
gosh, okay, so I couldn't get the phone to turn on at all, like I
would pull the power button

for five seconds and it wouldn't turn on even if I had it plugged into
a battery. And I believe I had it plugged into a battery that for
enough of the previous time that it should have been charged, but the,
the girl at the shop, held the button for like a full 20 seconds. And
that caused the phone to wake up. So whereas I was like, hold it down
for five seconds, she's like, none, I know, you got all that down. And
so anyway, we were able to get it to power up. But the operating
system wouldn't fully boot and load and we're just like, paying or
reboot or whatever. And we couldn't get like the first
screen. Although at first it looked like it was it was okay. Like, oh,
hey, it's working. Yay. But then it would power cycle it would reboot
itself shortly thereafter. So I don't know what was happening with the
phone, but I did use Lynne's phone and I looked up online. And someone
was saying Oh, his phone kept rebooting because he didn't have enough
storage on his device. Which is like, kind of a bad architecture. Like
why wouldn't they keep enough space but you know, anyway, the I Well,
I was just I had been taking long videos, maybe the the, the SD card
is was too full. And that's what caused it to crash. So the shop
they're like, Oh yeah, we have SD cards here you go in there only like
five times the the normal price of SD cards as I know, I see what
you're doing there. As I was about to go down the street isn't we're
not that far in the boonies. We went and got another SD card that was
hella bigger, like twice the size for half the price. And so I guess
their their markup was four times the price anyway. They were selling
up to 128 gigabytes for like, oh, seven teen 1000 yen, maybe I didn't,
I don't have the numbers memorized. But we went to base we got it
twice a size 256 gigabytes for like 5000 yen, I think. Anyway, it was
a lot cheaper. And I put the new card into the old phone but still had
the same problem. As I alright. That's not the card. So that's when we
went back to the first time she just she basically press the power
button real hard turned it on. I said, Oh, it's kind of working. Maybe
it's the SD card. We went and got a new card came back because it
wasn't as at first is like, Oh, I guess it'll be fine. But then
crashed again very shortly. So we went back to the shop and that's
when we spent an hour back and forth back and forth. They're like
maybe we can do it. Maybe we can't and then oh sorry at the end
surprise. You have a 5g phone or a 5g contract. And we only have 4g
phones. I was like yeah, that was so annoying. Anyway, anyway,
anyway. linen I then we're like okay, screw you guys. We went to
lunch, then went she drove me to the the Hot Spring was called think
money something money hot spring money Island i think is the
translation con a Shima onsen, I believe. And then by that point it
was 4pm by the time we finished with all of that, and not
realistically enough time for me to walk to the the green village camp
area,

Midori no Muna camp Joe. But because we drove there, we heard a song
on the road, which was kind of surreal, lovely surprise, because it
was singing When you wish upon a star. And I was like, I heard it. I
was like, hang on. That's music. And then Lynne was like, What's that
noise? After I had already parsed it, it was music and I had a pretty
good idea of what song it was, is like, validating my theory that it
was When you wish upon a star. And then Lynn's like, What's that
noise? Like? Dude ain't been listening to it for a while. But not to
not to send me he's, she's driving, and whatever. But we got to toilet
was it called planet toilet and planet restroom. So it's planet or
sorry, planet restroom and planet restaurant. And I was like, I knew
the planet restaurant was closed. And I knew the planet rest room was
open. So I was like, dude, I got to go to Planet restroom. You know,
this amazing place called planet restroom. And it was just a
restroom. And so that was a that was yet another example of something
that's like, you know, cool looking on the map in the name, but like,
Yeah, not that cool in reality. But what was interesting slash cool in
reality was Oh, and part of the reason that we waited a whole hour for
them to go through their checklist. They wanted the phone to get
charged up to at least 50%. So they knew it wasn't the battery that
was causing the problem. And so we're like waiting, waiting, waiting,
waiting, waiting for that which would ended up not helping,
obviously. So anyway, we've wasted a lot of time, but that that shop
when I'm not very impressed with that. Anyway, screw it, we, we went
to Planet restroom, and it was like, and then went down to the green
green camp area. We were the only people there as far as I could
tell. And we rented out one of the bungalows. And then Lynn's version
of the story is that she wanted to go get some food. And I was like,
No, too tired. And just wanting to eat the nuts that she brought. And
so I didn't even really think about that would even though being her
husband, I should have known that she would like to go somewhere for
food, but I was just like, not too tired. Couldn't even like think
about walking to the truck to drive to wherever. I just wanted to
sleep, sleep sleep. And that's what we did. So it was the bungalow was
was fine. It was not too cold as she feared it might be and so she in
her version of story, she's like, okay, you just eat a few little nuts
or anything. And to me it's completely ample and fine. Like no need
whatsoever to have more had she known her husband better what she
could have done was not give me the nuts first of all because she
she's like, hey, here I am. Here's all the stuff you wanted and gave
me all these nuts and stuff. are maybe I didn't even order it but she
just gave them to me and I was like cool. Done. You know, that's
dinner for tonight. And so she, she knows me well enough that I think
she could have made that guess and give that to me in the morning. But
she doesn't have the same patience I do to, like, let her for
something and make it allow it to happen in its time. But she prepared
and she like hey, go here's your here's your your dinner for tonight
is what I was hearing and she she wanted for a snack for later
anyway. Anyway, anyway, whatever. Um, so that's the story about the
phone. No, not even done yet. So then interestingly,

while the I had this dead phone, and we were driving to the green camp
site, I got a call on the phone, and it's the green camp green
campsite, they're like, we have you down for reservation, where are
you? So we're almost there. But it was cool. That might. So the SIM
card on the phone was working fine. And the hardware was working
fine. But so I could receive calls. But with the software, the O s, I
couldn't make calls couldn't even log into the the OS itself. Not log
in, but could you like boot the OS. But um, I could receive calls,
that was a blessing. So for the next day and a half. I was able to use
that phone to receive calls and certainly came in handy to have that
as an option. Lynne called me a couple times, and Jason called me a
couple of times during that time,

then, okay, so then that night, in the more annoying phone saga kind
of thing. The call the, the, like the head office, so to speak up the
phone guys and say, hey, my, here's my name. here's, here's my phone
number. Here's my name. Here's my secret code. And my phone is
broken. And yes, I have insurance. And yes, I like using a new
phone. But I'm not at home. I'm out and about and it won't be back for
a long time. And so can you send it to a hotel and you're like, ma'am,
and all of this is taking like double the time to communicate. Because
it's going from me in English to an English translator to a jet to
Japanese guy in the backseat translator and back to me. And because
Lynn's not allowed to call on my behalf for my phone, but from my
account, but finally they're like okay, well we'll send it to the
hotel. What's the address? And so then I get the phone to Lynn so she
could read the address off in Japanese. You know, seidu gaco sorry,
gaco Onsen, Honiara nanaka, Baba and then they're like okay, Have you
contacted the hotel to make sure it's okay to receive something? Um,
no, we just decided you were here during the conversation you know
when we're deciding which hotel and he's okay please call them
first. All right by call them hotels like sure the call the phone guys
back that it's it's the the office and there's like 1010 different
people there answering phones. Hello, What's your phone number? What's
your name? What's your secret number? What happened? phone
died. Okay. But um, my new phone Okay, you have insurance, but I'm
traveling. So okay, what should we do about it? All right, send it to
this address. And yes, we contacted them so you can send it Okay, what
time do you want to send it? And so, these we said between 2pm and
4pm. And in order to arrive on this day, so we confirm the day confirm
the location, confirm the address confirm the time and when you fit
into the system, the system works well in Japan. So great. I try
assume is going to be there. I did not Send it to the plays for the
next day, which I could have and think about it probably should have,
but didn't because the next day was a long walking day. And the day
that I sent it was going to be a short walking day. So I would have
time to phone and get the phone set up that afternoon. Anyway, um, the
next day, I spent walking using paper maps, and during the whole
driving around town on the on day 10 to figure out what's up and get
the new phone, I also was in parallel, just in case we cannot get a
phone I downloaded I took screenshots of the maps that I had prepared
and organized the screenshots with the day numbers and printed the O
so we had to go by a what's it called, and SD, USB, USB storage device
and buy it buy the device, we we went to a place that said they could
print it from a file, but it would be like beautiful image quality
like photograph quality pictures with 400 yen each. And I was like Ah,
no, not gonna do that

i i doubt I can sell these and make that worth the price even though
they would be nice quality paper. And they're going to get all tore up
anyway because I want to write on them as I'm walking. So we bought
and I bought a USB storage, USB key for storage. And took that to
convenience store. Which only printed JPEGs oh god so back to my
computer. And that's what we at that point we went to lunch back to my
computer, converted the PNGs into JPEGs back onto the USB key back to
the convenience store. plugged it in and printed like 24 odd sheets,
which was that was fine in great nizi once again once I got into the
system, it worked fine. It just it was annoying to get into that
system but burnin six days worth of six days worth of pages. And then
that night is when we contacted the the guys twice to have them send
the send the phone to the next location anyway, the next day I use
maps to walk to the next hotel and do what i the only thing I needed
was to get started on the right road. So we like drove to know I
walked Yeah, I walked from the bungalow to the front, the office which
there was no one there we just dropped the key off at that thing. So
I'm not able to ask anyone but looked at lens GPS looked at what I
could see physically around me looked at my paper as I Alright, I
Okay, I see which street I need to take. So I started taking that
street wave goodbye to Lynn and lots of lots of kisses and hugs and
walk walk walk wave goodbye. And it was very easy to use the paper
maps. Very grateful for her support to get me sorted out with paper
maps I would have been quite annoying to do a lot of walking. Had I
had to do it. probably would have been a lot more expensive as well,
because I would be like nah. Not willing, for example, to walk to the
place where they had microSD cards at a good price, etc. But

so yeah, I, I using the map I was, there was a first time I was
counting my steps. And I got a relatively good system, just count my
left foot steps. And would mark mark each segment of the map where I
needed to, like, walk to this corner turn here, as I marked out all
the different bits, like this was 40 steps. This was 50 steps. And I
hope I still have that page. I'll go scan it right now if I do,
because that's an interesting little thing. Please don't be thrown
away. Please be here. Okay. Is it here? Wait, yes. Okay. Yeah, they're
still here. Good. So I'll scan these. And so So yeah, I printed the
maps and they were it was very easy to use to walk around. And so now,
here I have the area that I walked around and this one here we
go. Yeah. Okay, nice. Really glad I kept these. I had them in my
trash. They didn't make the cut yesterday. I had thrown them away, but
they didn't get released. I can just scan them very easily and put
them on my website. I hope they scan. Okay, they're all folded up. I
mean, let's see. You know, they're all kind of out of order. I do have
an ordering system for them. Okay, let's see, there's number
six. Number five, this is number four there number eight. So number
7177. Didn't get used at all.

But eight has a free marks on it. I wonder why that wouldn't be
done. Yes. Hopefully Todd has put seven in here as well.

Can I do double sided when I'm doing these scans? So I don't
know. Okay, so we'll do if this works, I'll be very impressed with the
scanner. Okay, journal journal. Yeah, turtle. What options do I have?
Morning? turtles.

So it's only me one side at a time. But they're working. That's
fantastic. Good job. Okay. So that was this side. No, I can do
this. If I change the order.

Cool.

Okay, so good. No, do the other side.

And all that future Rob sort out the file names and stuff. But those
are scanned back into the trash. Bye You okay? Um, okay, this is a
phone story still right? So. So we get to the sotto sotto gaco. That's
the monkey capital, monkey capital, sports, sports in sports in
fujiya. And they because they had said that they wouldn't be happy to
accept the phone and all that. So I got there at about one o'clock
because I knew between two and four, it would come. So I expected I
expected them to come say, Hey, your phone's here. That didn't
happen. 4:15pm I went down to the office. I was like, Hey, man, did my
phone come? And she's like, Oh, yeah, it Yeah, just a second. I
actually maybe at first she was like, Oh, you're you're What? And then
she's like, Oh, yeah, maybe my story's a more melodramatic. But she's
like, yeah, it was right here somewhere. Hang on. Okay, wait,
maybe. Wait, I think maybe I put it over here. Oh, oh, here it is,
like, underneath some papers. I'm like, dude, that's my oh my god. You
know, come on, you know, geez. You said you would negate you wouldn't
accept it. Please. Help. Anyway. So see, like that's part of the job
like yes, you can deliver something here. Oh, you want me to deliver
it to you? I see you. Yes, please. Thank you. Not would be nice. But
the short version is yes, I got the phone. I put the 32 gigabyte
memory card of the old phone into the new phone. And actually, I
started with the big the big card and the 256 gigabyte card put it in
and it worked fine. Certainly started the device and all that and then
I was like I eyes I don't remember what my thinking was but I was
like, let's just see. Oh, maybe I know because all the images were not
on the card. So I put the 32 gigabyte card into the new phone but it
was as if it was starting over again be in I believe that's because
the I believe that's because the encryption on the card is tied to the
hardware of the previous phone they the hardware key or maybe the key
within the hardware of the previous phone. So anyway, the new phone
could not read the the old 32 gigabyte memory card and so fair enough
I mean it's good security and it's it's good to know that if the SD
card gets out or stolen or whatever then it can't be read I don't know
I'm glad to know a bit more about how the cards work but um what what
so now that the new phone is using a 256 gigabyte card and it's
working so far are working okay a couple of weeks now a few weeks so
yeah, that's the story of the phone let's see if another story comes
real quick here Yeah, so the one other story while while I Is this
correct No. I yeah, I did have the the phone was still working. So
this would be like day eight or something or maybe the same day nine
that the phone died.

I found a what I believe to be an electrical power plant that hydro
Electric plant and I described the water pouring off of us like a
small river pouring that cascading into a bigger river as like 10
bathtubs per second worth of water. And I don't know, what was a more
common unit of measure and I guess, cubic meters per second in Japan
is it's usually cubic feet per second in the US, maybe yards per
second anyway. I measured it and and estimated it to be 10 bathtubs
per second. pouring from the small river into a big river. I took a
lot of pictures with with my old phone then I was like, Oh, I have
this cool camera. So I went and took photos with the cool camera of
this area as well. And so kind of did a little backtracking. But
anyway, I took a bunch of photos, I really enjoyed seeing the area and
taking lots of photos, even though no one else in the area seemed to
care about it anymore. Because they had already seen it. But um, there
weren't a lot of people in the area, but a few so that was that was a
cool thing. And I wonder if I can find where that was on the map. I'm
sure I can but yeah, anyways, so that's, that's enough for this audio
thing to new one in a second.
