---
title: "8319 Deneys interview Rob re walk to Niigata"
type: "book"
tags: [ "book", "deneys", "interview" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2021-06-07T15:34:52+09:00
EventDate: "2021-03-19"
aliases: [
    "/quests/slow-down/2021-03-19_deneys-interview-rob-re-walk-to-niigata",
]
draft: false
---

<img
src=""
alt=""
class="title" />

From you will be quite nice as well. Okay, so first of all, just maybe
just explain what are you going to be, you know, what do you plan to
do with a walk? And also kind of your, you know, your objectives as
well. What do you plan? What How did this come about those kind of
things?

Yeah, well, thank you. It's, it's been coming over a long time. The
long version is that I have been adding different important components
of my life together. And they've suddenly not suddenly, but they've
woven together into this walk. And that includes Mankind Project, it's
like, self care in general, the concept of being present with one's
emotions, and in terms of like, knowing who I am as a person, you
know, for for any given person reducing stress and suicide rate in, in
Japan, and now other the whole world is having problems with that. And
walking barefoot, which I love to walk barefoot, and that's been a
thing for 10s of years, 20 years for me. And most recently, I guess,
is joining an organization called Bold Life Brotherhood. And a man
asked me, What was my bold action to take in the world? And how I just
I kind of uncovered this old joke that I had said to my wife, who
wanted me to get a driver's license is like I can walk the Niigata
don't need a license. And that's to hide my shame that I don't have a
license anymore in Japan. But that joke comment turned into like, hang
on, could I walk to Niigata and some years ago, I actually had shirts
made it says like, he made that and he got them out MADI araku hace de
and it's just this crazy idea that in it, like walking barefoot helps
me be in the present moment helped me be in touch my body gets me
moving and out and about connects me to Earth connects me to the earth
that to myself, Earth and myself. In all of those are like ways to
reduce stress switches like therefore ways to reduce suicide and
therefore do self care. And so it is just like, Huh, how amazing is
that? I started it because I like to be barefoot. And who knew, but it
has benefits that are beyond just like it feels good. I mean, I'm
connected to here now present moment by being barefoot.

So you connected to the earth rather than connecting to all sorts of
other other stresses in social media and stuff? Yeah,
yeah. Right. Okay, excellent. I mean, that that kind of answered. The
other question that I had was how it connects to suicide
prevention. Yeah. So you you see that the benefits on it this is that
Yeah.

Right. And so I I took a course of quitted a question persuade return
course, and some different ones to talk about the suicide. People, I
don't know if I should disappear. It should be an interview. But
people are ruminating in this expanding around in circles. So coming
to the present moment, is one of the key ways noticing what's here
right now. And that's a key way to help, pass, go go through the feel
get beyond the feeling of like, I want this pain to end. And so I'm
not sure how much it's good to like talk about how to get on it. I'm
no like, doctor or suicide expert or they should call the
lifeline. But I happen to know that your meditations like in our men's
group, wow. I feel a lot better after that. Ground ups is a that's why
we do it. Kind of Yeah, yeah, that applies, you know, to, to all
humans as best I can.

Okay, excellent. So you know, since about, I mean, it's, you know, you
obviously you don't because he's an expert in it, but that is
something that you, you know, it could be one way in which, you know,
people could sort of become becoming more present could be one way of
preventing. Yeah. Okay, great. Let's just get some specific stuff. So
just just just describe a little bit about, you know, the kind of
practicalities, the routes, what what do you really try to take? And
are there any events that you tend to hold, you know, while you're
doing the, during the course of it, that kind of thing.

At this point, I have, like, in detail plotted out the first 11 or 12
days of the of the trip, I basically gotten my on the map, I'm using
Google Maps, I've got myself well into the mountains. And though the
weather is lovely here, that will get lovely, or apparently it's still
going to be snowing. So I've started describing it like, I'm going to
start on April 16, I will start walking barefoot across Japan, which
is true. But if we get to see if I get to snow, I'm gonna put on the
shoes, and I'll be barefoot Rob wearing shoes going through the snow
to continue the journey. But the trickiest thing has been to find on
our route, nicely spaced places I can stay that's like, Oh, my God so
long. And here's I don't have a lot of leeway of like, oh, drive 20
minutes over there. No, it's not me. That's the entire day worth of
walking,

huh?

Yeah. So So yes, you need to you're still planning, you're planning.

You're planning. Even right now I can show your share screen in the mountains.

So if anybody wants to take you in and show you wouldn't say no to. Yeah, I'm

open to that possibility as I as I described. But at the same time, I
need. I want to continue the pace because I've made
reservations. That's right. Yeah. Yeah, life is along the way. And so
you can maybe my next walk, I'll leave it open to the universe.

Okay, when my wife would love that, yeah. Well, I say spontaneity is
great. As long as it's well planned.

Exactly.

Okay. All right. So I think I think we've done and then. Yeah, just, I
was gonna ask you, so you're so you, obviously, you're trying to find
a walk. And you're also hoping to raise anything over and above your
expenses? It will be? Yeah. We'll be sent to take your English
Lifeline, right. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Okay. All right. Okay, I think that's
about it. If you have any other any comments, or anything that you'd
like to add, or

are you asked about events, I do have two events. Well, one that I
really want to talk about, on the star team morning, Yokohama to coast
to coast. I will do a walking meditation from 9am in rinko Park in
Yokohama. So that means like, for about an hour, we'll just mindfully
notice what it's like to walk or even to stand. There's a lot of
muscles that are happening, right activated to stay on balances,
there's wind and all this. We never even think about it normally. So
it's just a moment to get really in touch with the magic that is this
the human bodies that we inhabit.

Hmm. And

so I've been leading walking meditations, since every month since
November. And before that I had before I've been doing some walks, but
not walking meditation. Anyways, the that's the kickoff event is a
walking meditation. I can walk to my house and sleep in my
house. Think about my life choices and the next day continue on the
rest of the way to connect.

And then if you plan it, so as I understand you plan to do about 15 Kay's a day is that

yes, yeah, roughly. Some are like More I haven't, since I've had to
kind of re negotiate to the locations to account for like what's
possible to do. I haven't completely checked all of them. That's
around 18 1518.

Yeah, yeah. Right. So looking around about three to four hours, I'm guessing.

Yeah. Like a couple hours to get lunch and a couple hours.

Yeah, yeah. Okay. Well, so yes. That's going to be quite an adventure
he shot. Yeah, yeah. I think I think that's, I think I've got all the
domain. Okay. Um, yeah, let me just a quick thing about your I mean,
you have been on TV a couple of times. Just want to get a bit of
information on one. What

happened a couple of times. You're right. Yeah.

Yeah. Did you get a lot of publicity from that? I mean, did you? Yes. Yeah. I'm sorry. Yeah.

They predicted I'd be I would be famous for a while. Oh, well, you're on TV and people would recognize me.

Okay, excellent. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Thank you. I mean, that that
is something that could be useful to kind of include the AI in any,
any sort of release, you know, so that people are reminded that they
have a Wii U or something like that. Yeah. Okay. All right. Okay. Um,
so you say you're recording this, right. So yes, yeah. And you're
gonna give a get a transcript? Yeah. Okay. Excellent. And then we can
work. I can work from
that. Yes. Yeah. Great. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah.

If it's okay, do you have time for a second?

Just Just wait, just one second. Oh, my battery's a bit low as well. So

I can continue the recording. Yeah. Tell you. Yeah.

Off you go.

Okay. So,

yeah, I'm okay.

So the I, on my website, Rob Nugen, calm, I am laying out in detail
each day, each segment of the day. And that's intended that if people
want to come like, walk with me for a segment, only welcome. I can't
take care. Like, you're buying people's hotels, that night kind of
thing. But if people want to, like, take, take care of themselves, but
join me for a segment on that.

That's wonderful. Yeah. Is it somewhere where people can follow you as
well, like, trace you like, see what Yeah,

I'm likely to livestream on Instagram and read it. And if I can sort
it out on YouTube as well. But I need to I need 1000 followers on
YouTube before I can do that.

Okay. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Okay. All right. Okay, good. Great. So that's,
that's also Yeah, that's something else to kind of just I think that's
important information. Yeah. Yeah.

That's on my site as well. Yeah.

Yeah. Okay. Excellent. Yeah. So we can Yeah, I'll try to put something
together. Yeah. Okay. Excellent. All the
best. Yeah. Yeah. Excellent. You too. Okay. All the best. Bye bye.
