content/events/2024/01/06welcome-2024-first-indoor-barefoot-meetup-at-manpukuji-machi-kaigan.en.md, before:

---
title: "Welcome 2024 first indoor barefoot meetup at Manpukuji-Machi Kaigan"
tags: [ "2024", "Barefoot Rob", "Manpukuji", "barefoot", "event", "first", "indoor", "january", "walk", "はだし", "裸足のロブ" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2023-12-27T11:08:45+09:00
EventLocation: "Manpukuji-Machi Kaigan (near Shinyurigaoka)"
EventTime: "14:00"
TimeDescription: "gather at 13:30; walk to Manpukuji at 13:45"
EventDate: "2024-01-06T14:00:00+09:00"
EventType: "Barefoot grounding"
aliases: [
    "/en/events/2024/01/06welcome-2024-first-indoor-barefoot-meetup-at-manpukuji-machi-kaigan",
    "/en/events/2024/01/06welcome-2024-chilly-walk-in-shin-yuri-art-park",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "" "" %}}

Welcome to winter in Tokyo area! I hope you have been enjoying the fresh cool air and beautiful sun!

Due to the cold, we are planning indoor events for January (and probably February) instead of ShinYuri Art Park!

#### Meeting Point

Saturday 06 January 2024, 13:30

Shin Yurigaoka [between KFC, MUFG, and Dean and Deluca](https://goo.gl/maps/aoY2j7WxkNjSC2u98):  35°36'13.3"N 139°30'29.5"E  https://w3w.co/locator.juggler.nail

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

#### Details

*Enjoy Community*

Find like-minded others who enjoy walking barefoot!

*What to Expect*

* The event is on, rain or shine.
* We'll walk from Shin Yurigaoka station starting 13:45

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

**Donation:**

500 yen

**What to bring**

Whatever you need to take care of yourself.  Come barefoot or
wearing lightweight shoes which you can take off inside.

Commit message:

Fix link to LINE group QR code....
LIKE A BOSS!!!

content/events/2024/01/06welcome-2024-first-indoor-barefoot-meetup-at-manpukuji-machi-kaigan.en.md, after:

---
title: "Welcome 2024 first indoor barefoot meetup at Manpukuji-Machi Kaigan"
tags: [ "2024", "Barefoot Rob", "Manpukuji", "barefoot", "event", "first", "indoor", "january", "walk", "はだし", "裸足のロブ" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2023-12-27T11:08:45+09:00
EventLocation: "Manpukuji-Machi Kaigan (near Shinyurigaoka)"
EventTime: "14:00"
TimeDescription: "gather at 13:30; walk to Manpukuji at 13:45"
EventDate: "2024-01-06T14:00:00+09:00"
EventType: "Barefoot grounding"
aliases: [
    "/en/events/2024/01/06welcome-2024-first-indoor-barefoot-meetup-at-manpukuji-machi-kaigan",
    "/en/events/2024/01/06welcome-2024-chilly-walk-in-shin-yuri-art-park",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "" "" %}}

Welcome to winter in Tokyo area! I hope you have been enjoying the fresh cool air and beautiful sun!

Due to the cold, we are planning indoor events for January (and probably February) instead of ShinYuri Art Park!

#### Meeting Point

Saturday 06 January 2024, 13:30

Shin Yurigaoka [between KFC, MUFG, and Dean and Deluca](https://goo.gl/maps/aoY2j7WxkNjSC2u98):  35°36'13.3"N 139°30'29.5"E  https://w3w.co/locator.juggler.nail

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

#### Details

*Enjoy Community*

Find like-minded others who enjoy walking barefoot!

*What to Expect*

* The event is on, rain or shine.
* We'll walk from Shin Yurigaoka station starting 13:45

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

**Donation:**

500 yen

**What to bring**

Whatever you need to take care of yourself.  Come barefoot or
wearing lightweight shoes which you can take off inside.
