content/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/04/19francois-next-to-train.md, before:

---
title: 'François next to train'
author: 'Rob Nugen'
date: '2021-04-19T07:57:29+09:00'
---

I took note of one particular new piece of concrete that seemed to break the pattern of old concrete, and wondered about the history.

[![2021 apr 18 francois by train 1](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-03/thumbs/2021_apr_18_francois_by_train_1.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-03/2021_apr_18_francois_by_train_1.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 18 francois by train 2](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-03/thumbs/2021_apr_18_francois_by_train_2.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-03/2021_apr_18_francois_by_train_2.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 18 francois by train 3](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-03/thumbs/2021_apr_18_francois_by_train_3.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-03/2021_apr_18_francois_by_train_3.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 18 francois by train 4](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-03/thumbs/2021_apr_18_francois_by_train_4.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-03/2021_apr_18_francois_by_train_4.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 18 francois by train 5](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-03/thumbs/2021_apr_18_francois_by_train_5.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-03/2021_apr_18_francois_by_train_5.jpeg)

Commit message:

Fix spelling of François

content/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/04/19francois-next-to-train.md, after:

---
title: 'François next to train'
author: 'Rob Nugen'
date: '2021-04-19T07:57:29+09:00'
---

I took note of one particular new piece of concrete that seemed to break the pattern of old concrete, and wondered about the history.

[![2021 apr 18 François by train 1](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-03/thumbs/2021_apr_18_francois_by_train_1.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-03/2021_apr_18_francois_by_train_1.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 18 François by train 2](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-03/thumbs/2021_apr_18_francois_by_train_2.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-03/2021_apr_18_francois_by_train_2.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 18 François by train 3](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-03/thumbs/2021_apr_18_francois_by_train_3.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-03/2021_apr_18_francois_by_train_3.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 18 François by train 4](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-03/thumbs/2021_apr_18_francois_by_train_4.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-03/2021_apr_18_francois_by_train_4.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 18 François by train 5](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-03/thumbs/2021_apr_18_francois_by_train_5.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-03/2021_apr_18_francois_by_train_5.jpeg)
