content/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/04/19walking-meditation-2pm-sunday-18-april-2021.md, before:

---
title: 'walking meditation 2pm Sunday 18 April 2021'
author: 'Rob Nugen'
date: '2021-04-19T08:10:28+09:00'
---

[![2021 apr 18 shraddhan walking](//b.robnugen.com/tmp/day-03/thumbs/2021_apr_18_shraddhan_walking.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/tmp/day-03/2021_apr_18_shraddhan_walking.jpeg)

[![2021 apr 18 yuna contemplating](//b.robnugen.com/tmp/day-03/thumbs/2021_apr_18_yuna_contemplating.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/tmp/day-03/2021_apr_18_yuna_contemplating.jpeg)

[![2021 apr 18 feet standing](//b.robnugen.com/tmp/day-03/thumbs/2021_apr_18_feet_standing.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/tmp/day-03/2021_apr_18_feet_standing.jpeg)          

[![2021 apr 18 flowers flowering](//b.robnugen.com/tmp/day-03/thumbs/2021_apr_18_flowers_flowering.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/tmp/day-03/2021_apr_18_flowers_flowering.jpeg)


[![2021 apr 18 shraddhan in sun](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-03/thumbs/2021_apr_18_shraddhan_in_sun.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-03/2021_apr_18_shraddhan_in_sun.jpeg)

Commit message:

Clarify location a bit but I cannot recall name of park

content/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/04/19walking-meditation-2pm-sunday-18-april-2021.md, after:

---
title: 'walking meditation 2pm Sunday 18 April 2021'
author: 'Rob Nugen'
date: '2021-04-19T08:10:28+09:00'
---

Shraddhan and Yuna met me for walking meditation this day.

We had a lovely time in the lovely park near Yasaka Station 八坂駅.

[![2021 apr 18 shraddhan walking](//b.robnugen.com/tmp/day-03/thumbs/2021_apr_18_shraddhan_walking.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/tmp/day-03/2021_apr_18_shraddhan_walking.jpeg)

[![2021 apr 18 yuna contemplating](//b.robnugen.com/tmp/day-03/thumbs/2021_apr_18_yuna_contemplating.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/tmp/day-03/2021_apr_18_yuna_contemplating.jpeg)

[![2021 apr 18 feet standing](//b.robnugen.com/tmp/day-03/thumbs/2021_apr_18_feet_standing.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/tmp/day-03/2021_apr_18_feet_standing.jpeg)          

[![2021 apr 18 flowers flowering](//b.robnugen.com/tmp/day-03/thumbs/2021_apr_18_flowers_flowering.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/tmp/day-03/2021_apr_18_flowers_flowering.jpeg)


[![2021 apr 18 shraddhan in sun](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-03/thumbs/2021_apr_18_shraddhan_in_sun.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-03/2021_apr_18_shraddhan_in_sun.jpeg)
