content/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/04/24day-nine-finished.md, before:

---
title: 'Day Nine Finished'
author: 'Rob Nugen'
date: '2021-04-24T19:26:46+09:00'
---

As of yesterday, Lin planned to meet me at Sky Terme Shibukawa (super sento (public bath)).  She did that, but then *drove* me to the hotel because my phone died and I wanted to get it resolved as quickly as possible.  Phone shop is closed until tomorrow (and booked until May), but we will try to get in tomorrow and get a replacement handset.

Anyway, about today, the sento was nice, not huge, but has a great view, being 5 stories above green fields.  Nice open air deck.

Day Nine Summary
<!-- 25 March 2021: WALK SEGMENT SEPARATOR  ===========  TO HELP ME SEE AND EDIT SEGMENT DETAILS -->
<div class="walk-segment">

* Day <span class="day_source">Nine</span>
(<span class="day_date">Saturday April 24th</span> *)
Part 1:

Walk <span class="km_source">4</span>km,
From [Hotel Ruruka](https://g.page/hotel_luka?share)
To [Luna Park](https://goo.gl/maps/q2yUFJnM2ynKgXsa9)
(<span class="km_total">148</span>km walked so far)

Pass by:

1. [Maebashi Childrens Park](https://goo.gl/maps/C8RtNca4NecHyTCT8)

* Day <span class="day_source">Nine</span>
(<span class="day_date">Saturday April 24th</span> *)
Part 2:

PHONE DIED

Walk <span class="km_source">10</span>km,
From [Luna Park](https://goo.gl/maps/q2yUFJnM2ynKgXsa9)
To [Sky Terme Shibukawa](https://goo.gl/maps/wjJSFushThj6XKUm9) (super public bath)
(<span class="km_total">158</span>km walked so far)


* Day <span class="day_source">Nine</span>
(<span class="day_date">Saturday April 24th</span> *)
Part 3:

DROVE <span class="km_source">3</span>km,
From [Sky Terme Shibukawa](https://goo.gl/maps/wjJSFushThj6XKUm9)
To [Hotel Tatsumi](https://goo.gl/maps/AHaL7N59DXABBX2F9)
(<span class="km_total">161</span>km walked so far)

</div>

Commit message:

Day 10 no phone no walk

content/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/04/24day-nine-finished.md, after:

---
title: 'Day Nine Finished'
author: 'Rob Nugen'
date: '2021-04-24T19:26:46+09:00'
---

After my phone died, I was already pretty close to Sky Terme Shibukawa
so was able to walk sans phone from Bando Bashi to Sky Terme Shibukawa
with the help of locals pointing the way.

As of yesterday, Lin planned to meet me at Sky Terme Shibukawa (super
sento (public bath)).  She did that, but then *drove* me to the hotel
because my phone died and I wanted to get it resolved as quickly as
possible.  Phone shop is closed until tomorrow (and booked until May),
but we will try to get in tomorrow and get a replacement handset.

Anyway, about today, the sento was nice, not huge, but has a great
view, being 5 stories above green fields.  Nice open air deck.

Day Nine Summary
<!-- 25 March 2021: WALK SEGMENT SEPARATOR  ===========  TO HELP ME SEE AND EDIT SEGMENT DETAILS -->
<div class="walk-segment">

* Day <span class="day_source">Nine</span>
(<span class="day_date">Saturday April 24th</span> *)
Part 1:

Walk <span class="km_source">4</span>km,
From [Hotel Ruruka](https://g.page/hotel_luka?share)
To [Luna Park](https://goo.gl/maps/q2yUFJnM2ynKgXsa9)
(<span class="km_total">148</span>km walked so far)

Pass by:

1. [Maebashi Childrens Park](https://goo.gl/maps/C8RtNca4NecHyTCT8)

* Day <span class="day_source">Nine</span>
(<span class="day_date">Saturday April 24th</span> *)
Part 2:

PHONE DIED

Walk <span class="km_source">10</span>km,
From [Luna Park](https://goo.gl/maps/q2yUFJnM2ynKgXsa9)
To [Sky Terme Shibukawa](https://goo.gl/maps/wjJSFushThj6XKUm9) (super public bath)
(<span class="km_total">158</span>km walked so far)


* Day <span class="day_source">Nine</span>
(<span class="day_date">Saturday April 24th</span> *)
Part 3:

DROVE <span class="km_source">3</span>km,
From [Sky Terme Shibukawa](https://goo.gl/maps/wjJSFushThj6XKUm9)
To [Hotel Tatsumi](https://goo.gl/maps/AHaL7N59DXABBX2F9)
(<span class="km_total">161</span>km walked so far)

</div>
