content/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/04/26day-11-finished-photos.md, before:

---
title: "Day 11 finished (photos)"
tags: [ "paper maps", "phoneless", "photos", "quest", "update", "walk" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2021-04-26T18:41:09+09:00
aliases: [
    "/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/04/26day-11-finished-photos",
]
---

<img
src=""
alt="Update from the road"
class="title" />



Old school fire hydrant

[![2021 apr 26 hydrant from 1992](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_26_hydrant_from_1992.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_26_hydrant_from_1992.jpeg)

Fancy new curb caught my eye.  Why was this section redone?

[![2021 apr 26 fancy new curb](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_26_fancy_new_curb.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_26_fancy_new_curb.jpeg)

This may be a manhole cover of an eggplant carrying a telescope.

[![2021 apr 26 manhole cover with water character holding telescope](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_26_manhole_cover_with_water_character_holding_telescope.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_26_manhole_cover_with_water_character_holding_telescope.jpeg)

A bridge for Akane

[![2021 apr 26 akane bridge](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_26_akane_bridge.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_26_akane_bridge.jpeg)

I thought these leaves were cute and wish I had made them more visible.  It was quite sunny therefore difficult to see what the screen was seeing

[![2021 apr 26 little bitty leaves](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_26_little_bitty_leaves.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_26_little_bitty_leaves.jpeg)



Francois on a truck scale

[![2021 apr 27 francois on truck scale](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_francois_on_truck_scale.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_francois_on_truck_scale.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 27 francois not registering on the scale](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_francois_not_registering_on_the_scale.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_francois_not_registering_on_the_scale.jpeg)

We have walked quite a bit!

[![2021 apr 27 one hundred fifty-nine kilometers from tokyo](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_one_hundred_fifty-nine_kilometers_from_tokyo.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_one_hundred_fifty-nine_kilometers_from_tokyo.jpeg)

Wow that solar panel is big for just one support..

[![2021 apr 27 weirdly supported solar panel](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_weirdly_supported_solar_panel.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_weirdly_supported_solar_panel.jpeg)

Oh it rotates and tilts to follow the sun!

[![2021 apr 27 solar panel rotator](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_solar_panel_rotator.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_solar_panel_rotator.jpeg)

It made small adjustments every 30 seconds or so

[![2021 apr 27 solar panel tilter](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_solar_panel_tilter.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_solar_panel_tilter.jpeg)

Flowers

[![2021 apr 27 non specific shape of flowers](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_non_specific_shape_of_flowers.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_non_specific_shape_of_flowers.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 27 v specific shape of flowers](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_v_specific_shape_of_flowers.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_v_specific_shape_of_flowers.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 27 less specific shape of flowers](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_less_specific_shape_of_flowers.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_less_specific_shape_of_flowers.jpeg)

Rivers

[![2021 apr 27 curvy river](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_curvy_river.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_curvy_river.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 27 straight river maybe](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_straight_river_maybe.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_straight_river_maybe.jpeg)

What does this say?

[![2021 apr 27 warning sign](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_warning_sign.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_warning_sign.jpeg)


[![2021 apr 27 bridge behind trees](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_bridge_behind_trees.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_bridge_behind_trees.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 27 red bridge](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_red_bridge.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_red_bridge.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 27 under trees under bridge](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_under_trees_under_bridge.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_under_trees_under_bridge.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 27 spinner thingie](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_spinner_thingie.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_spinner_thingie.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 27  map near yumotokan](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27__map_near_yumotokan.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27__map_near_yumotokan.jpeg)



Here was the plan for Day Eleven

<!-- 25 March 2021: WALK SEGMENT SEPARATOR  ===========  TO HELP ME SEE AND EDIT SEGMENT DETAILS -->
<div class="walk-segment">

* Day <span class="day_source">Eleven</span>
(<span class="day_date">Monday April 26th</span> *)
Part 1:
<br>
Walk <span class="km_source">5</span>km,
From [Midorinomura Camping Ground](https://goo.gl/maps/Tz2EtJZqTm32zcPv9)
To [Kodaira Meat Shop](https://goo.gl/maps/u6z8wBS5Ruap2geF7)
(<span class="km_total">184</span>km walked so far)

Will likely visit [上州たかやま 田んぼアート (field art)](https://goo.gl/maps/TUaNj9xixnEDDDfcA) for photos!

</div>
<!-- 25 March 2021: WALK SEGMENT SEPARATOR  ===========  TO HELP ME SEE AND EDIT SEGMENT DETAILS -->
<div class="walk-segment">

* Day <span class="day_source">Eleven</span>
(<span class="day_date">Monday April 26th</span> *)
Part 2:
<br>
Walk <span class="km_source">2</span>km up at 6% grade
From [Kodaira Meat Shop](https://goo.gl/maps/wR9EjV3pbr2t8YSj6)
To [赤根峠 ポケットパーク](https://goo.gl/maps/k7k2dxuiFLmmjyXG8)
(<span class="km_total">186</span>km walked so far)

</div>
<!-- 25 March 2021: WALK SEGMENT SEPARATOR  ===========  TO HELP ME SEE AND EDIT SEGMENT DETAILS -->
<div class="walk-segment">

* Day <span class="day_source">Eleven</span>
(<span class="day_date">Monday April 26th</span> *)
Part 3:
<br>
Walk <span class="km_source">5</span>km,
From [赤根峠 ポケットパーク](https://goo.gl/maps/HbjBAbqGgGxxAh4e6)
To [ラーメンショップ月夜野店 (Ramen restaurant)](https://goo.gl/maps/TX8t5wcrDKS5okzk7)
(<span class="km_total">191</span>km walked so far)

Including through a tunnel with a narrow sidewalk..

Will pass [Meigetsu Orchards](https://goo.gl/maps/ExNE3fy7vyAsvdPy5)

</div>
<!-- 25 March 2021: WALK SEGMENT SEPARATOR  ===========  TO HELP ME SEE AND EDIT SEGMENT DETAILS -->
<div class="walk-segment">

* Day <span class="day_source">Eleven</span>
(<span class="day_date">Monday April 26th</span> *)
Part 4:
<br>
Walk <span class="km_source">7</span>km,
From [ラーメンショップ月夜野店 (Ramen restaurant)](https://goo.gl/maps/X5d9GgWhfrj5VVUM6)
To [Yumotokan](https://goo.gl/maps/JrKtZynwBbX8mxvt7)
(<span class="km_total">198</span>km walked so far)

Will pass [7-Eleven Minakami Fuse Shop](https://goo.gl/maps/C7xvqBA9X6U1FKTt6)

</div>

Commit message:

Fix spelling of François

content/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/04/26day-11-finished-photos.md, after:

---
title: "Day 11 finished (photos)"
tags: [ "paper maps", "phoneless", "photos", "quest", "update", "walk" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2021-04-26T18:41:09+09:00
aliases: [
    "/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/04/26day-11-finished-photos",
]
---

<img
src=""
alt="Update from the road"
class="title" />



Old school fire hydrant

[![2021 apr 26 hydrant from 1992](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_26_hydrant_from_1992.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_26_hydrant_from_1992.jpeg)

Fancy new curb caught my eye.  Why was this section redone?

[![2021 apr 26 fancy new curb](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_26_fancy_new_curb.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_26_fancy_new_curb.jpeg)

This may be a manhole cover of an eggplant carrying a telescope.

[![2021 apr 26 manhole cover with water character holding telescope](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_26_manhole_cover_with_water_character_holding_telescope.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_26_manhole_cover_with_water_character_holding_telescope.jpeg)

A bridge for Akane

[![2021 apr 26 akane bridge](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_26_akane_bridge.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_26_akane_bridge.jpeg)

I thought these leaves were cute and wish I had made them more visible.  It was quite sunny therefore difficult to see what the screen was seeing

[![2021 apr 26 little bitty leaves](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_26_little_bitty_leaves.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_26_little_bitty_leaves.jpeg)



François on a truck scale

[![2021 apr 27 François on truck scale](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_francois_on_truck_scale.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_francois_on_truck_scale.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 27 François not registering on the scale](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_francois_not_registering_on_the_scale.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_francois_not_registering_on_the_scale.jpeg)

We have walked quite a bit!

[![2021 apr 27 one hundred fifty-nine kilometers from tokyo](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_one_hundred_fifty-nine_kilometers_from_tokyo.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_one_hundred_fifty-nine_kilometers_from_tokyo.jpeg)

Wow that solar panel is big for just one support..

[![2021 apr 27 weirdly supported solar panel](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_weirdly_supported_solar_panel.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_weirdly_supported_solar_panel.jpeg)

Oh it rotates and tilts to follow the sun!

[![2021 apr 27 solar panel rotator](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_solar_panel_rotator.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_solar_panel_rotator.jpeg)

It made small adjustments every 30 seconds or so

[![2021 apr 27 solar panel tilter](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_solar_panel_tilter.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_solar_panel_tilter.jpeg)

Flowers

[![2021 apr 27 non specific shape of flowers](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_non_specific_shape_of_flowers.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_non_specific_shape_of_flowers.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 27 v specific shape of flowers](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_v_specific_shape_of_flowers.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_v_specific_shape_of_flowers.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 27 less specific shape of flowers](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_less_specific_shape_of_flowers.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_less_specific_shape_of_flowers.jpeg)

Rivers

[![2021 apr 27 curvy river](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_curvy_river.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_curvy_river.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 27 straight river maybe](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_straight_river_maybe.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_straight_river_maybe.jpeg)

What does this say?

[![2021 apr 27 warning sign](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_warning_sign.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_warning_sign.jpeg)


[![2021 apr 27 bridge behind trees](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_bridge_behind_trees.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_bridge_behind_trees.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 27 red bridge](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_red_bridge.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_red_bridge.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 27 under trees under bridge](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_under_trees_under_bridge.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_under_trees_under_bridge.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 27 spinner thingie](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_spinner_thingie.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_spinner_thingie.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 27  map near yumotokan](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27__map_near_yumotokan.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27__map_near_yumotokan.jpeg)



Here was the plan for Day Eleven

<!-- 25 March 2021: WALK SEGMENT SEPARATOR  ===========  TO HELP ME SEE AND EDIT SEGMENT DETAILS -->
<div class="walk-segment">

* Day <span class="day_source">Eleven</span>
(<span class="day_date">Monday April 26th</span> *)
Part 1:
<br>
Walk <span class="km_source">5</span>km,
From [Midorinomura Camping Ground](https://goo.gl/maps/Tz2EtJZqTm32zcPv9)
To [Kodaira Meat Shop](https://goo.gl/maps/u6z8wBS5Ruap2geF7)
(<span class="km_total">184</span>km walked so far)

Will likely visit [上州たかやま 田んぼアート (field art)](https://goo.gl/maps/TUaNj9xixnEDDDfcA) for photos!

</div>
<!-- 25 March 2021: WALK SEGMENT SEPARATOR  ===========  TO HELP ME SEE AND EDIT SEGMENT DETAILS -->
<div class="walk-segment">

* Day <span class="day_source">Eleven</span>
(<span class="day_date">Monday April 26th</span> *)
Part 2:
<br>
Walk <span class="km_source">2</span>km up at 6% grade
From [Kodaira Meat Shop](https://goo.gl/maps/wR9EjV3pbr2t8YSj6)
To [赤根峠 ポケットパーク](https://goo.gl/maps/k7k2dxuiFLmmjyXG8)
(<span class="km_total">186</span>km walked so far)

</div>
<!-- 25 March 2021: WALK SEGMENT SEPARATOR  ===========  TO HELP ME SEE AND EDIT SEGMENT DETAILS -->
<div class="walk-segment">

* Day <span class="day_source">Eleven</span>
(<span class="day_date">Monday April 26th</span> *)
Part 3:
<br>
Walk <span class="km_source">5</span>km,
From [赤根峠 ポケットパーク](https://goo.gl/maps/HbjBAbqGgGxxAh4e6)
To [ラーメンショップ月夜野店 (Ramen restaurant)](https://goo.gl/maps/TX8t5wcrDKS5okzk7)
(<span class="km_total">191</span>km walked so far)

Including through a tunnel with a narrow sidewalk..

Will pass [Meigetsu Orchards](https://goo.gl/maps/ExNE3fy7vyAsvdPy5)

</div>
<!-- 25 March 2021: WALK SEGMENT SEPARATOR  ===========  TO HELP ME SEE AND EDIT SEGMENT DETAILS -->
<div class="walk-segment">

* Day <span class="day_source">Eleven</span>
(<span class="day_date">Monday April 26th</span> *)
Part 4:
<br>
Walk <span class="km_source">7</span>km,
From [ラーメンショップ月夜野店 (Ramen restaurant)](https://goo.gl/maps/X5d9GgWhfrj5VVUM6)
To [Yumotokan](https://goo.gl/maps/JrKtZynwBbX8mxvt7)
(<span class="km_total">198</span>km walked so far)

Will pass [7-Eleven Minakami Fuse Shop](https://goo.gl/maps/C7xvqBA9X6U1FKTt6)

</div>
