content/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/04/26francois-on-pallets-of-crushed-cans.md, before:

---
title: "Francois on pallets of crushed cans"
tags: [ "pictures", "quest", "francois", "cans", "recycling" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2021-04-26T14:14:14+09:00
aliases: [
"/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/04/26francois-on-pallets-of-crushed-cans",
]
---

Hang on.. is that a recycling center?

[![2021 apr 27 pallets at a recycling center](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_pallets_at_a_recycling_center.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_pallets_at_a_recycling_center.jpeg)

Indeed it is!

[![2021 apr 27 closeup of pallets with crushed cans](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_closeup_of_pallets_with_crushed_cans.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_closeup_of_pallets_with_crushed_cans.jpeg)

Francois would like to have a seat here

[![2021 apr 27 francois sitting on crushed cans](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_francois_sitting_on_crushed_cans.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_francois_sitting_on_crushed_cans.jpeg)

I believe these are steel cans

[![2021 apr 27 recognizable branding on steel cans](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_recognizable_branding_on_steel_cans.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_recognizable_branding_on_steel_cans.jpeg)

I think these are for oil

[![2021 apr 27 recycled oil cans](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_recycled_oil_cans.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_recycled_oil_cans.jpeg)

How do they collect this many of the same type of can?

[![2021 apr 27 fuel cans maybe](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_fuel_cans_maybe.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_fuel_cans_maybe.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 27 crushed paint thinner cans maybe dunno](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_crushed_paint_thinner_cans_maybe_dunno.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_crushed_paint_thinner_cans_maybe_dunno.jpeg)

rusted cans hmm I wonder how long these have been here

[![2021 apr 27 francois tired of sitting on cans](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_francois_tired_of_sitting_on_cans.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_francois_tired_of_sitting_on_cans.jpeg)

Commit message:

Fix spelling of François

content/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/04/26francois-on-pallets-of-crushed-cans.md, after:

---
title: "François on pallets of crushed cans"
tags: [ "pictures", "quest", "francois", "cans", "recycling" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2021-04-26T14:14:14+09:00
aliases: [
"/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/04/26francois-on-pallets-of-crushed-cans",
]
---

Hang on.. is that a recycling center?

[![2021 apr 27 pallets at a recycling center](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_pallets_at_a_recycling_center.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_pallets_at_a_recycling_center.jpeg)

Indeed it is!

[![2021 apr 27 closeup of pallets with crushed cans](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_closeup_of_pallets_with_crushed_cans.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_closeup_of_pallets_with_crushed_cans.jpeg)

François would like to have a seat here

[![2021 apr 27 François sitting on crushed cans](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_francois_sitting_on_crushed_cans.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_francois_sitting_on_crushed_cans.jpeg)

I believe these are steel cans

[![2021 apr 27 recognizable branding on steel cans](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_recognizable_branding_on_steel_cans.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_recognizable_branding_on_steel_cans.jpeg)

I think these are for oil

[![2021 apr 27 recycled oil cans](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_recycled_oil_cans.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_recycled_oil_cans.jpeg)

How do they collect this many of the same type of can?

[![2021 apr 27 fuel cans maybe](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_fuel_cans_maybe.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_fuel_cans_maybe.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 27 crushed paint thinner cans maybe dunno](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_crushed_paint_thinner_cans_maybe_dunno.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_crushed_paint_thinner_cans_maybe_dunno.jpeg)

rusted cans hmm I wonder how long these have been here

[![2021 apr 27 François tired of sitting on cans](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_francois_tired_of_sitting_on_cans.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_francois_tired_of_sitting_on_cans.jpeg)
