content/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/04/26little-road-after-akane-tunnel.md, before:

---
title: "Little Road after Akane Tunnel"
tags: [ "little", "road", "photos", "quest", "update", "walk" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2021-04-26T14:11:09+09:00
aliases: [
    "/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/04/26little-road-after-akane-tunnel",
]
---

Past the tunnel, I turned left on a little street which I assume was here long before the tunnel.

Lots of interesting things to see, including some free cedar logs!

[![2021 apr 27 cedar logs ready to go](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_cedar_logs_ready_to_go.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_cedar_logs_ready_to_go.jpeg)

don't throw rubbish here.  This character will be sad if you do!

[![2021 apr 27 cute character requesting cleanliness](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_cute_character_requesting_cleanliness.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_cute_character_requesting_cleanliness.jpeg)

I could not see anything on this sign (but dirt)

[![2021 apr 27 sign with nothing on it](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_sign_with_nothing_on_it.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_sign_with_nothing_on_it.jpeg)

Ya might want to turn here

[![2021 apr 27 small sign tight curve](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_small_sign_tight_curve.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_small_sign_tight_curve.jpeg)

I wonder how this tree was shattered.  I would guess lightning but I don't see scorch marks

[![2021 apr 27 kinda destroyed tree](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_kinda_destroyed_tree.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_kinda_destroyed_tree.jpeg)

Found an opportunity for a selfie

[![2021 apr 27 fine young man indicated by arrow](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_fine_young_man_indicated_by_arrow.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_fine_young_man_indicated_by_arrow.jpeg)

Ya might want to ignore this sign

[![2021 apr 27 hol up](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_hol_up.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_hol_up.jpeg)

I thought these small ferns were cute

[![2021 apr 27 ferny mc ferns](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_ferny_mc_ferns.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_ferny_mc_ferns.jpeg)

I guess this cart plans to stay here a while

[![2021 apr 27 cart plans to stay](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_cart_plans_to_stay.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_cart_plans_to_stay.jpeg)

From where does this water come?

[![2021 apr 27 magic water pipe](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_magic_water_pipe.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_magic_water_pipe.jpeg)

Francois at construction site

[![2021 apr 27 francois at construction site](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_francois_at_construction_site.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_francois_at_construction_site.jpeg)

The first little road ended here

[![2021 apr 27 end of the first little road](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_end_of_the_first_little_road.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_end_of_the_first_little_road.jpeg)

start of the second little road

[![2021 apr 27 second little road starts here](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_second_little_road_starts_here.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_second_little_road_starts_here.jpeg)

Apple trees, prepping to make apples

[![2021 apr 27 apples coming soon](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_apples_coming_soon.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_apples_coming_soon.jpeg)

Looking back at the start of the third little road

[![2021 apr 27 top of the third little road](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_top_of_the_third_little_road.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_top_of_the_third_little_road.jpeg)

Blue roof and yellow flowers

[![2021 apr 27 blue roof yellow flowers](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_blue_roof_yellow_flowers.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_blue_roof_yellow_flowers.jpeg)

This hill looks positively pointy.. I wonder what the tip is like when standing there?

[![2021 apr 27 neat little pointy hill](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_neat_little_pointy_hill.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_neat_little_pointy_hill.jpeg)

Red roof within apple orchards

[![2021 apr 27 strikingly red roof](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_strikingly_red_roof.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_strikingly_red_roof.jpeg)

cute pond and concrete for what?  I wanted to put Francois on it, but decided it was too far away from the edges of the pond to do safely, and the locals might wonder what I was doing..

[![2021 apr 27 cute little pond](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_cute_little_pond.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_cute_little_pond.jpeg)

I tried to get the cloud reflection here

[![2021 apr 27 reflection of clouds i hope](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_reflection_of_clouds_i_hope.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_reflection_of_clouds_i_hope.jpeg)

Commit message:

Fix spelling of François

content/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/04/26little-road-after-akane-tunnel.md, after:

---
title: "Little Road after Akane Tunnel"
tags: [ "little", "road", "photos", "quest", "update", "walk" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2021-04-26T14:11:09+09:00
aliases: [
    "/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/04/26little-road-after-akane-tunnel",
]
---

Past the tunnel, I turned left on a little street which I assume was here long before the tunnel.

Lots of interesting things to see, including some free cedar logs!

[![2021 apr 27 cedar logs ready to go](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_cedar_logs_ready_to_go.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_cedar_logs_ready_to_go.jpeg)

don't throw rubbish here.  This character will be sad if you do!

[![2021 apr 27 cute character requesting cleanliness](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_cute_character_requesting_cleanliness.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_cute_character_requesting_cleanliness.jpeg)

I could not see anything on this sign (but dirt)

[![2021 apr 27 sign with nothing on it](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_sign_with_nothing_on_it.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_sign_with_nothing_on_it.jpeg)

Ya might want to turn here

[![2021 apr 27 small sign tight curve](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_small_sign_tight_curve.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_small_sign_tight_curve.jpeg)

I wonder how this tree was shattered.  I would guess lightning but I don't see scorch marks

[![2021 apr 27 kinda destroyed tree](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_kinda_destroyed_tree.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_kinda_destroyed_tree.jpeg)

Found an opportunity for a selfie

[![2021 apr 27 fine young man indicated by arrow](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_fine_young_man_indicated_by_arrow.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_fine_young_man_indicated_by_arrow.jpeg)

Ya might want to ignore this sign

[![2021 apr 27 hol up](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_hol_up.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_hol_up.jpeg)

I thought these small ferns were cute

[![2021 apr 27 ferny mc ferns](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_ferny_mc_ferns.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_ferny_mc_ferns.jpeg)

I guess this cart plans to stay here a while

[![2021 apr 27 cart plans to stay](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_cart_plans_to_stay.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_cart_plans_to_stay.jpeg)

From where does this water come?

[![2021 apr 27 magic water pipe](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_magic_water_pipe.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_magic_water_pipe.jpeg)

François at construction site

[![2021 apr 27 François at construction site](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_francois_at_construction_site.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_francois_at_construction_site.jpeg)

The first little road ended here

[![2021 apr 27 end of the first little road](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_end_of_the_first_little_road.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_end_of_the_first_little_road.jpeg)

start of the second little road

[![2021 apr 27 second little road starts here](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_second_little_road_starts_here.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_second_little_road_starts_here.jpeg)

Apple trees, prepping to make apples

[![2021 apr 27 apples coming soon](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_apples_coming_soon.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_apples_coming_soon.jpeg)

Looking back at the start of the third little road

[![2021 apr 27 top of the third little road](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_top_of_the_third_little_road.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_top_of_the_third_little_road.jpeg)

Blue roof and yellow flowers

[![2021 apr 27 blue roof yellow flowers](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_blue_roof_yellow_flowers.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_blue_roof_yellow_flowers.jpeg)

This hill looks positively pointy.. I wonder what the tip is like when standing there?

[![2021 apr 27 neat little pointy hill](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_neat_little_pointy_hill.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_neat_little_pointy_hill.jpeg)

Red roof within apple orchards

[![2021 apr 27 strikingly red roof](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_strikingly_red_roof.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_strikingly_red_roof.jpeg)

cute pond and concrete for what?  I wanted to put François on it, but decided it was too far away from the edges of the pond to do safely, and the locals might wonder what I was doing..

[![2021 apr 27 cute little pond](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_cute_little_pond.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_cute_little_pond.jpeg)

I tried to get the cloud reflection here

[![2021 apr 27 reflection of clouds i hope](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/thumbs/2021_apr_27_reflection_of_clouds_i_hope.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-11/2021_apr_27_reflection_of_clouds_i_hope.jpeg)
