content/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/04/27day-12-finished-photos.md, before:

---
title: "Day 12 finished (photos)"
tags: [ "jason", "phoneless", "photos", "quest", "update", "walk" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2021-04-27T20:11:09+09:00
aliases: [
    "/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/04/27day-12-finished-photos",
]
---

<img
src=""
alt="Update from the road"
class="title" />



Here was the plan for Day Twelve

<!-- 25 March 2021: WALK SEGMENT SEPARATOR  ===========  TO HELP ME SEE AND EDIT SEGMENT DETAILS -->
<div class="walk-segment">

* Day <span class="day_source">Twelve</span>
(<span class="day_date">Tuesday April 27th</span> *)
Part 1:
<br>
Walk <span class="km_source">4</span>km,
From [Yumotokan](https://goo.gl/maps/cijTraJ8KDRvAoBH7)
To [Bungy Japan Sarugakyo](https://g.page/sarugakyo-bungy?share)
(<span class="km_total">201</span>km walked so far)
**> 50% complete!!**

Oh nooo the Bungy jump location seems to be closed April 27th!!


</div>
<!-- 25 March 2021: WALK SEGMENT SEPARATOR  ===========  TO HELP ME SEE AND EDIT SEGMENT DETAILS -->
<div class="walk-segment">

* Day <span class="day_source">Twelve</span>
(<span class="day_date">Tuesday April 27th</span> *)
Part 2:
<br>
Walk <span class="km_source">2</span>km,
From [Bungy Japan Sarugakyo](https://g.page/sarugakyo-bungy?share)
To [Sports Inn Fujiya](https://goo.gl/maps/b5wA3i7BLJ3H4BvN7)
(<span class="km_total">203</span>km walked so far)

</div>

Commit message:

Pics on Smugmug for Day 12 for "now"

content/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/04/27day-12-finished-photos.md, after:

---
title: "Day 12 finished (photos)"
tags: [ "jason", "phoneless", "photos", "quest", "update", "walk" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2021-04-27T21:11:09+09:00
aliases: [
    "/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/04/27day-12-finished-photos",
]
---

It is late on Day 12 and I just finished uploading Day 9 and Day 11 photos..

Day 12 will have to wait.  Day photos have been uploaded to Smugmug for now

https://thunderrabbit.smugmug.com/Travel/Japan/Quests/2021-walk-to-Niigata/Day-12-2021-april-27/


Here was the plan for Day Twelve

<!-- 25 March 2021: WALK SEGMENT SEPARATOR  ===========  TO HELP ME SEE AND EDIT SEGMENT DETAILS -->
<div class="walk-segment">

* Day <span class="day_source">Twelve</span>
(<span class="day_date">Tuesday April 27th</span> *)
Part 1:
<br>
Walk <span class="km_source">4</span>km,
From [Yumotokan](https://goo.gl/maps/cijTraJ8KDRvAoBH7)
To [Bungy Japan Sarugakyo](https://g.page/sarugakyo-bungy?share)
(<span class="km_total">201</span>km walked so far)
**> 50% complete!!**

Oh nooo the Bungy jump location seems to be closed April 27th!!


</div>
<!-- 25 March 2021: WALK SEGMENT SEPARATOR  ===========  TO HELP ME SEE AND EDIT SEGMENT DETAILS -->
<div class="walk-segment">

* Day <span class="day_source">Twelve</span>
(<span class="day_date">Tuesday April 27th</span> *)
Part 2:
<br>
Walk <span class="km_source">2</span>km,
From [Bungy Japan Sarugakyo](https://g.page/sarugakyo-bungy?share)
To [Sports Inn Fujiya](https://goo.gl/maps/b5wA3i7BLJ3H4BvN7)
(<span class="km_total">203</span>km walked so far)

</div>
