Wormholes, Blackholes, Parallel Universes

During SWUUSI 2001, someone (Mike "Padre Donut In Mis Pantalones," I think),
complained that Richard (SF name "Dick")  was getting the football much more
often than Mike.  Or something like that.  As dictator, I said something
like, "Okay, every time the football lands on Dick, the football will
instantly be in the posession of Padre Donut in Mis Pantalones, and
everytiime the footbacll is moed to Padre Donut in Mis Pantalones, the
football will instantly be in the possession of Dick."   The Two Way
Wormhole was born.</p>

<p>Two-Way Wormholes may be declared by The Dictator to exist between any
two players in the game.  We have found them easy to remember if they are
introduced slowly in the game.  (We haven't tried introducing multiple
wormholes to kick off a game.)</p>

<p>For example, The Dicator declares a wormhole to exist between Dick and
Padre.  Every time the football is moved by a player to Dick, the football
immediately "tunnels" through the wormhole to Padre.  (It does not then
immediately tunnel back to Dick because (that would be pointless) it was not
moved by a player to Padre.  It was moved by a player to Dick and the
wormhole moved it to Padre.

Padre can then move the football as normal.  The same left/right
clockwise/counterclockwise requirements of the Fwap exist.  The same limit
of number of moves in a row exists.  Tunnelling through a wormhole doesn't
affect those.

So let's say Joe Zooms the football to Padre.  The football instantly
tunnels to Dick.  Dick Shrugs.  The football moves back to Joe, because Joe
moved it last.  Joe Shrugs.  The football is shrugged back to Joe, but is
instantly tunnelled to Padre.k
