content/events/2023/11/04cooler-barefoot-walk-in-soft-grass.en.md, before:

---
title: "Cooler barefoot walk in soft grass"
tags: [ "2023", "Barefoot Rob", "art_park", "barefoot", "event", "november", "walk", "はだし", "新百合ヶ丘駅", "裸足のロブ" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2023-10-04T21:29:18+09:00
EventLocation: "Shin Yuri Art Park (near Shinyurigaoka)"
EventTime: "14:00"
TimeDescription: "gather at 13:30; enter Shin Yuri Art Park at 14:00"
EventDate: "2023-11-04T14:00:00+09:00"
EventType: "Barefoot grounding"
aliases: [
    "/en/events/2023/11/04cooler-barefoot-walk-in-soft-grass",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/walk_and_talk/2022_mar_17_art_park_shinagawa_hiro_hiro_yoko_yumehito_arisa_mari_oshita_oshita_yosei_rob_asagawa.jpg" "2022 mar 17 art park shinagawa hiro hiro yoko yumehito arisa mari oshita oshita yosei rob asagawa" %}}

Walk barefoot on Japan's Number 1 Grassy Field!

Refresh your spirit. Touch the earth. Connect with nature. Connect with friends.

Barefoot Walking Experience at [Shinyuri Art Parks](http://www.airgreen.info/artparks.html)

Barefoot walking, breathing, enjoying fresh air and a lovely grassy field.

Every First Saturday of the month

#### First Meeting Point

Saturday 04 November 2023, 13:30

Shin Yurigaoka [between KFC, MUFG, and Dean and Deluca](https://goo.gl/maps/aoY2j7WxkNjSC2u98):  35°36'13.3"N 139°30'29.5"E  https://w3w.co/locator.juggler.nail

#### Second Meeting Point is Shin Yuri Art Park

Saturday 04 November 2023, 14:00

[Shinyuri Art Parks](http://www.airgreen.info/artparks.html) https://goo.gl/maps/QAhUddBiieDAZsQm6

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

#### Details

*Enjoy Grass*

Shinyuri Art Parks features an immaculate large grassy field.

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

*Enjoy Community*

Find like-minded others who enjoy walking barefoot!

*What to Expect*

* The event is on, rain or shine.
* We'll walk from Shin Yurigaoka station starting 13:45
* Feel free to join at Shinyuri Art Parks by 14:00.
* Take off your shoes in the park; connect with mother earth!
* Meet friends, enjoy chatting, connecting

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

**Donation:**

500 yen

**What to bring**

Whatever you need to take care of yourself.  Come wearing lightweight
shoes which you can take off at the grassy field.

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!

Commit message:

Fix link to LINE group QR code....
LIKE A BOSS!!!

content/events/2023/11/04cooler-barefoot-walk-in-soft-grass.en.md, after:

---
title: "Cooler barefoot walk in soft grass"
tags: [ "2023", "Barefoot Rob", "art_park", "barefoot", "event", "november", "walk", "はだし", "新百合ヶ丘駅", "裸足のロブ" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2023-10-04T21:29:18+09:00
EventLocation: "Shin Yuri Art Park (near Shinyurigaoka)"
EventTime: "14:00"
TimeDescription: "gather at 13:30; enter Shin Yuri Art Park at 14:00"
EventDate: "2023-11-04T14:00:00+09:00"
EventType: "Barefoot grounding"
aliases: [
    "/en/events/2023/11/04cooler-barefoot-walk-in-soft-grass",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/walk_and_talk/2022_mar_17_art_park_shinagawa_hiro_hiro_yoko_yumehito_arisa_mari_oshita_oshita_yosei_rob_asagawa.jpg" "2022 mar 17 art park shinagawa hiro hiro yoko yumehito arisa mari oshita oshita yosei rob asagawa" %}}

Walk barefoot on Japan's Number 1 Grassy Field!

Refresh your spirit. Touch the earth. Connect with nature. Connect with friends.

Barefoot Walking Experience at [Shinyuri Art Parks](http://www.airgreen.info/artparks.html)

Barefoot walking, breathing, enjoying fresh air and a lovely grassy field.

Every First Saturday of the month

#### First Meeting Point

Saturday 04 November 2023, 13:30

Shin Yurigaoka [between KFC, MUFG, and Dean and Deluca](https://goo.gl/maps/aoY2j7WxkNjSC2u98):  35°36'13.3"N 139°30'29.5"E  https://w3w.co/locator.juggler.nail

#### Second Meeting Point is Shin Yuri Art Park

Saturday 04 November 2023, 14:00

[Shinyuri Art Parks](http://www.airgreen.info/artparks.html) https://goo.gl/maps/QAhUddBiieDAZsQm6

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

#### Details

*Enjoy Grass*

Shinyuri Art Parks features an immaculate large grassy field.

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

*Enjoy Community*

Find like-minded others who enjoy walking barefoot!

*What to Expect*

* The event is on, rain or shine.
* We'll walk from Shin Yurigaoka station starting 13:45
* Feel free to join at Shinyuri Art Parks by 14:00.
* Take off your shoes in the park; connect with mother earth!
* Meet friends, enjoy chatting, connecting

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

**Donation:**

500 yen

**What to bring**

Whatever you need to take care of yourself.  Come wearing lightweight
shoes which you can take off at the grassy field.

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!
