content/events/2021/06/20free-eye-gazing-near-shibuya-crossing.md, before:

---
title: "[Free] Eye Gazing near Shibuya Crossing"
tags: [ "event", "eye", "gazing", "meditation" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2021-06-07T14:19:02+09:00
EventTime: "anytime between 3pm and 6pm"
EventDate: "2021-06-20"
Aliases: [
    "/events/2021/06/20free-eye-gazing-near-shibuya-crossing"
]
---

<img
src="//b.robnugen.com/events/2021/2021_may_24_rob_eye_gazing_for_shibuya.jpeg"
alt="Barefoot Rob - I am happy to see you"
class="title" />

Find your center.  Connect to the wisdom of your heart.

#### When

**anytime** between 3pm and **5pm** on Saturday June 20th, 2021

#### Where

I will be standing between Hachiko and the police box near Shibuya crossing

#### Details

eyeゲージングとは

    瞑想法の一つです。
    誰でも深い瞑想体験ができます。
    瞑想の姿勢で相手の目をただ観るのです。
    そうすると自分の心が相手にくっきりと見えてきます。
    恥ずかしがり屋の人でも大丈夫です。
    なぜか始まると深い意識に変化していきます。
    本当の自分に気づき　自分の真の美しさがわかるでしょう。

    ※経験後の変化

    自分の強い友人になる！
    自分を知る。自分や他者をより愛せるようになったり
    日常の中でのコミュニケーション能力が上がり、
    相手をより受け入れたり　尊重し合えたりする力が増してきます。
    この世の中がより身近になり　もっとあなたの味方になっていくでしょう。


* 日時: 6月20日(日) 15時00分 から17時00分
* 場所: 渋谷スクランブル交差点　交番前辺り

Free Eye Gazing at Hachiko Square

Eye gazing is the practice of simply looking into another being’s eyes. You could gaze into the eyes of a stranger, a family member, an animal, or a romantic partner. The eyes are often referred to as the gateway to the soul, meaning they can be used as a tool to look beyond the physical world and into the spiritual. While looking into another person’s eyes, it’s common for people to experience intense visions or see non-physical matter such as auras. (1)

Come by anytime between 3 and 6pm on Saturday June 20th. I will be standing at Shibuya scramble between Hachiko and the police box.

Welcome to stop by anytime between 15:00 and 17:00 if you want to try eye gazing with me, or if you want to offer eye gazing with others.

(1) https://www.collective-evolution.com/2016/12/03/eye-gazing-science-reveals-how-it-affects-our-communication/

**Costs:**

free! (donations accepted)

Commit message:

Be seen for who you are
Thank you https://wisdomoftrauma.com/movie/ ~40 minutes

content/events/2021/06/20free-eye-gazing-near-shibuya-crossing.md, after:

---
title: "[Free] Eye Gazing near Shibuya Crossing"
tags: [ "event", "eye", "gazing", "meditation" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2021-06-07T14:19:02+09:00
EventTime: "anytime between 3pm and 6pm"
EventDate: "2021-06-20"
Aliases: [
    "/events/2021/06/20free-eye-gazing-near-shibuya-crossing"
]
---

<img
src="//b.robnugen.com/events/2021/2021_may_24_rob_eye_gazing_for_shibuya.jpeg"
alt="Barefoot Rob - I am happy to see you"
class="title" />

Be seen for who you *are*, not what you do.

#### When

**anytime** between 3pm and **5pm** on Saturday June 20th, 2021

#### Where

I will be standing between Hachiko and the police box near Shibuya crossing

#### Details

eyeゲージングとは

    瞑想法の一つです。
    誰でも深い瞑想体験ができます。
    瞑想の姿勢で相手の目をただ観るのです。
    そうすると自分の心が相手にくっきりと見えてきます。
    恥ずかしがり屋の人でも大丈夫です。
    なぜか始まると深い意識に変化していきます。
    本当の自分に気づき　自分の真の美しさがわかるでしょう。

    ※経験後の変化

    自分の強い友人になる！
    自分を知る。自分や他者をより愛せるようになったり
    日常の中でのコミュニケーション能力が上がり、
    相手をより受け入れたり　尊重し合えたりする力が増してきます。
    この世の中がより身近になり　もっとあなたの味方になっていくでしょう。


* 日時: 6月20日(日) 15時00分 から17時00分
* 場所: 渋谷スクランブル交差点　交番前辺り

Free Eye Gazing at Hachiko Square

Eye gazing is the practice of simply looking into another being’s eyes. You could gaze into the eyes of a stranger, a family member, an animal, or a romantic partner. The eyes are often referred to as the gateway to the soul, meaning they can be used as a tool to look beyond the physical world and into the spiritual. While looking into another person’s eyes, it’s common for people to experience intense visions or see non-physical matter such as auras. (1)

Come by anytime between 3 and 6pm on Saturday June 20th. I will be standing at Shibuya scramble between Hachiko and the police box.

Welcome to stop by anytime between 15:00 and 17:00 if you want to try eye gazing with me, or if you want to offer eye gazing with others.

(1) https://www.collective-evolution.com/2016/12/03/eye-gazing-science-reveals-how-it-affects-our-communication/

**Costs:**

free! (donations accepted)
