content/events/2021/06/20walking-meditation-summer-solstice-smiles.md, before:

---
title: "Walking Meditation: Summer Solstice Smiles"
tags: [ "event", "meditation", "solstice", "summer", "walk" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2021-06-07T21:11:43+09:00
TimeDescription: "gather at 11:45; enter the Park at noon"
EventDate: "2021-06-20"
aliases: [
    "/events/2021/06/20walking-meditation-summer-solstice-smiles",
]
---

<img
src="https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_jun_05_max_yuma_hiro_yuna_emico.jpg"
alt="Max, Yuma, Hiro, Yuna, Emico after walking meditation"
class="title" />

Refresh your spirit. Touch the earth. Connect with nature.

Meditative Walking Experience:

Meditation, walking, breathing, enjoying fresh air.

#### When

**gather at 11:45; enter Yoyogi Park at noon Sunday, June 20th, 2021**

#### Where

**Yoyogi Park by the [clock near Harajuku entrance](https://goo.gl/maps/xabS6Nw7TgNScqeCA)**  https://goo.gl/maps/xabS6Nw7TgNScqeCA

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

#### Details

*Enjoy Nature*

Yoyogi Park has lots of big beautiful trees surrounding its large grassy field.

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

11:45am Meet at Harajuku Gate of Yoyogi Park  https://goo.gl/maps/xabS6Nw7TgNScqeCA

12:00 noon: Enter Yoyogi Park

What to Expect:

* We will meet at 11:45 and by noon decided where to go.
* If it's raining, we will just walk around the loop.
* If it's dry; we can find a place to sit.
* I will guide us in meditation, including walking meditation.
* Feel free to take off your shoes; whatever makes you comfortable.

After the walking meditation:

Feel free to join us for lunch on the top level of [Miyashita Park](https://www.miyashita-park.tokyo/) (near Shibuya Station)

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

**Costs:**

free! (donations accepted)

**What to bring**

Whatever you need to take care of yourself.  Come wearing lightweight shoes and maybe a bag for them
just in case you need to put them on during the walk!

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!

**Covid Considerations**

COVID-19 Infection Prevention Measures in the park

To prevent the spread of coronavirus infection in the park, we ask all visitors to take the following measures.

● When you have cold symptoms such as fever and coughs, please refrain from visiting the park.

● Please wear a face mask and follow cough etiquette.

● Please frequently wash your hands with soap and water and use hand sanitizers.

● Please keep your distance ( about 2 meters ) from other visitors.

● Please refrain from visiting with a large group of people.

● To avoid congestion, please refrain from using large picnic blankets. ( one side: larger than 2 meters )

● Please refrain from visiting with a large group of people.

Commit message:

Fix link to LINE group QR code....
LIKE A BOSS!!!

content/events/2021/06/20walking-meditation-summer-solstice-smiles.md, after:

---
title: "Walking Meditation: Summer Solstice Smiles"
tags: [ "event", "meditation", "solstice", "summer", "walk" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2021-06-07T21:11:43+09:00
TimeDescription: "gather at 11:45; enter the Park at noon"
EventDate: "2021-06-20"
aliases: [
    "/events/2021/06/20walking-meditation-summer-solstice-smiles",
]
---

<img
src="https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_jun_05_max_yuma_hiro_yuna_emico.jpg"
alt="Max, Yuma, Hiro, Yuna, Emico after walking meditation"
class="title" />

Refresh your spirit. Touch the earth. Connect with nature.

Meditative Walking Experience:

Meditation, walking, breathing, enjoying fresh air.

#### When

**gather at 11:45; enter Yoyogi Park at noon Sunday, June 20th, 2021**

#### Where

**Yoyogi Park by the [clock near Harajuku entrance](https://goo.gl/maps/xabS6Nw7TgNScqeCA)**  https://goo.gl/maps/xabS6Nw7TgNScqeCA

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

#### Details

*Enjoy Nature*

Yoyogi Park has lots of big beautiful trees surrounding its large grassy field.

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

11:45am Meet at Harajuku Gate of Yoyogi Park  https://goo.gl/maps/xabS6Nw7TgNScqeCA

12:00 noon: Enter Yoyogi Park

What to Expect:

* We will meet at 11:45 and by noon decided where to go.
* If it's raining, we will just walk around the loop.
* If it's dry; we can find a place to sit.
* I will guide us in meditation, including walking meditation.
* Feel free to take off your shoes; whatever makes you comfortable.

After the walking meditation:

Feel free to join us for lunch on the top level of [Miyashita Park](https://www.miyashita-park.tokyo/) (near Shibuya Station)

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

**Costs:**

free! (donations accepted)

**What to bring**

Whatever you need to take care of yourself.  Come wearing lightweight shoes and maybe a bag for them
just in case you need to put them on during the walk!

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!

**Covid Considerations**

COVID-19 Infection Prevention Measures in the park

To prevent the spread of coronavirus infection in the park, we ask all visitors to take the following measures.

● When you have cold symptoms such as fever and coughs, please refrain from visiting the park.

● Please wear a face mask and follow cough etiquette.

● Please frequently wash your hands with soap and water and use hand sanitizers.

● Please keep your distance ( about 2 meters ) from other visitors.

● Please refrain from visiting with a large group of people.

● To avoid congestion, please refrain from using large picnic blankets. ( one side: larger than 2 meters )

● Please refrain from visiting with a large group of people.
