content/events/2022/02/17shin-yuri-art-park-barefoot-chilly-challenge-2022-feb-17.en.md, before:

---
title: "Shin Yuri Art Park Barefoot Chilly Challenge 2022 Feb 17"
tags: [ "artpark", "barefoot", "challenge", "chilly", "event", "shinyuri", "walk" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2022-01-21T20:54:19+09:00
TimeDescription: "gather at 13:30; enter Shin Yuri Art Park at 14:00"
EventDate: "2022-02-17T14:00:00+09:00"
aliases: [
    "/en/events/2022/02/17shin-yuri-art-park-barefoot-chilly-challenge-2022-feb-17",
    "/en/events/2022/02/17shin-yuri-art-park-chilly-challenge-2022-feb-17",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/walk_and_talk/2022_jan_20_art_park_barefoot_group.jpg" "2022 jan 20 art park barefoot group" %}}

[![2022 feb 17 andy](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/walk_and_talk/thumbs/2022_feb_17_andy.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/walk_and_talk/2022_feb_17_andy.jpg)
[![2022 feb 17 andy arisa hiro feet](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/walk_and_talk/thumbs/2022_feb_17_andy_arisa_hiro_feet.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/walk_and_talk/2022_feb_17_andy_arisa_hiro_feet.jpg)
[![2022 feb 17 forming circle](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/walk_and_talk/thumbs/2022_feb_17_forming_circle.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/walk_and_talk/2022_feb_17_forming_circle.jpg)
[![2022 feb 17 grassy foot](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/walk_and_talk/thumbs/2022_feb_17_grassy_foot.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/walk_and_talk/2022_feb_17_grassy_foot.jpg)
[![2022 feb 17 group photo by arisa](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/walk_and_talk/thumbs/2022_feb_17_group_photo_by_arisa.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/walk_and_talk/2022_feb_17_group_photo_by_arisa.jpg)
[![2022 feb 17 shinagawa oshita](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/walk_and_talk/thumbs/2022_feb_17_shinagawa_oshita.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/walk_and_talk/2022_feb_17_shinagawa_oshita.jpg)
[![2022 feb 17 yoko oshita asagawa hiro](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/walk_and_talk/thumbs/2022_feb_17_yoko_oshita_asagawa_hiro.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/walk_and_talk/2022_feb_17_yoko_oshita_asagawa_hiro.jpg)


Refresh your spirit. Touch the earth. Connect with nature. Connect with friends.

Barefoot Walking Experience at [Shinyuri Art Parks](http://www.airgreen.info/artparks.html)

Barefoot walking, breathing, enjoying fresh air and a lovely grassy field.

Every Third Thursday of the month

#### First Meeting Point

Thursday 17 February 2022, 13:30

Shin Yurigaoka [between KFC, MUFG, and Dean and Deluca](https://goo.gl/maps/aoY2j7WxkNjSC2u98):  35°36'13.3"N 139°30'29.5"E  https://w3w.co/locator.juggler.nail

#### Second Meeting Point

Thursday 17 February 2022, 14:00

[Shinyuri Art Parks](http://www.airgreen.info/artparks.html) https://goo.gl/maps/QAhUddBiieDAZsQm6

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

#### Details

*Enjoy Grass*

Shinyuri Art Parks features an immaculate large grassy field.

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

*Enjoy Community*

Find like-minded others who enjoy walking barefoot!

*What to Expect*

* The event is on, rain or shine.
* We'll walk from Shin Yurigaoka station starting 13:45
* Feel free to join at Shinyuri Art Parks by 14:00.
* Take off your shoes in the park; connect with mother earth!
* Meet friends, enjoy chatting, connecting

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

**Costs:**

500 yen

**What to bring**

Whatever you need to take care of yourself.  Come wearing lightweight
shoes which you can take off at the grassy field.

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!

**Covid Considerations**

You know the situation.  I know you have thought about it and I trust you
to make a good decision for yourself.  If you want a group with masks,
I recommend https://www.meetup.com/tokyospontaneous

Commit message:

Fix link to LINE group QR code....
LIKE A BOSS!!!

content/events/2022/02/17shin-yuri-art-park-barefoot-chilly-challenge-2022-feb-17.en.md, after:

---
title: "Shin Yuri Art Park Barefoot Chilly Challenge 2022 Feb 17"
tags: [ "artpark", "barefoot", "challenge", "chilly", "event", "shinyuri", "walk" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2022-01-21T20:54:19+09:00
TimeDescription: "gather at 13:30; enter Shin Yuri Art Park at 14:00"
EventDate: "2022-02-17T14:00:00+09:00"
aliases: [
    "/en/events/2022/02/17shin-yuri-art-park-barefoot-chilly-challenge-2022-feb-17",
    "/en/events/2022/02/17shin-yuri-art-park-chilly-challenge-2022-feb-17",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/walk_and_talk/2022_jan_20_art_park_barefoot_group.jpg" "2022 jan 20 art park barefoot group" %}}

[![2022 feb 17 andy](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/walk_and_talk/thumbs/2022_feb_17_andy.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/walk_and_talk/2022_feb_17_andy.jpg)
[![2022 feb 17 andy arisa hiro feet](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/walk_and_talk/thumbs/2022_feb_17_andy_arisa_hiro_feet.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/walk_and_talk/2022_feb_17_andy_arisa_hiro_feet.jpg)
[![2022 feb 17 forming circle](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/walk_and_talk/thumbs/2022_feb_17_forming_circle.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/walk_and_talk/2022_feb_17_forming_circle.jpg)
[![2022 feb 17 grassy foot](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/walk_and_talk/thumbs/2022_feb_17_grassy_foot.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/walk_and_talk/2022_feb_17_grassy_foot.jpg)
[![2022 feb 17 group photo by arisa](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/walk_and_talk/thumbs/2022_feb_17_group_photo_by_arisa.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/walk_and_talk/2022_feb_17_group_photo_by_arisa.jpg)
[![2022 feb 17 shinagawa oshita](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/walk_and_talk/thumbs/2022_feb_17_shinagawa_oshita.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/walk_and_talk/2022_feb_17_shinagawa_oshita.jpg)
[![2022 feb 17 yoko oshita asagawa hiro](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/walk_and_talk/thumbs/2022_feb_17_yoko_oshita_asagawa_hiro.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/walk_and_talk/2022_feb_17_yoko_oshita_asagawa_hiro.jpg)


Refresh your spirit. Touch the earth. Connect with nature. Connect with friends.

Barefoot Walking Experience at [Shinyuri Art Parks](http://www.airgreen.info/artparks.html)

Barefoot walking, breathing, enjoying fresh air and a lovely grassy field.

Every Third Thursday of the month

#### First Meeting Point

Thursday 17 February 2022, 13:30

Shin Yurigaoka [between KFC, MUFG, and Dean and Deluca](https://goo.gl/maps/aoY2j7WxkNjSC2u98):  35°36'13.3"N 139°30'29.5"E  https://w3w.co/locator.juggler.nail

#### Second Meeting Point

Thursday 17 February 2022, 14:00

[Shinyuri Art Parks](http://www.airgreen.info/artparks.html) https://goo.gl/maps/QAhUddBiieDAZsQm6

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

#### Details

*Enjoy Grass*

Shinyuri Art Parks features an immaculate large grassy field.

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

*Enjoy Community*

Find like-minded others who enjoy walking barefoot!

*What to Expect*

* The event is on, rain or shine.
* We'll walk from Shin Yurigaoka station starting 13:45
* Feel free to join at Shinyuri Art Parks by 14:00.
* Take off your shoes in the park; connect with mother earth!
* Meet friends, enjoy chatting, connecting

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

**Costs:**

500 yen

**What to bring**

Whatever you need to take care of yourself.  Come wearing lightweight
shoes which you can take off at the grassy field.

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!

**Covid Considerations**

You know the situation.  I know you have thought about it and I trust you
to make a good decision for yourself.  If you want a group with masks,
I recommend https://www.meetup.com/tokyospontaneous
