content/events/2021/11/19barefoot-under-the-lunar-eclipse.en.md, before:

---
title: "Barefoot under the lunar eclipse"
tags: [ "2021", "barefoot", "event", "izumi-tamagawa", "lunar eclipse", "moon", "nov", "walk" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2021-11-18T18:26:59+09:00
TimeDescription: "gather at 17:30; walk to Tama River at 17:45"
EventDate: "2021-11-19"
aliases: [
    "/events/2021/11/19barefoot-under-the-lunar-eclipse",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_nov_18_lunar_eclipse_plan.png" "2021 nov 18 lunar eclipse plan" %}}

Enjoy the night air.  Enjoy moonlight.  Touch the earth. Connect with nature. Connect with friends.

Enjoy chatting and barefoot walking on the almost fully eclipsed moon night.  Share beautiful experiences with like-minded friends!

We'll also share some quiet time in prayer under the eclipsed moon.

#### When

**Friday 19 November 2021, gather at 17:30; walk toward Tama River at 17:45**

#### Where

**Meeting Spot #1 by the [benches near Izumi-Tamagawa station](https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8)**
https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8

[![2021 aug 16 izumi tamagawa meeting spot](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_aug_16_izumi_tamagawa_meeting_spot.png)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_aug_16_izumi_tamagawa_meeting_spot.png)

**Meeting Spot #2 by [Tama River and Odakyu rail crossing](https://goo.gl/maps/2Ysk1D4EWmc41q3k7)**
https://goo.gl/maps/2Ysk1D4EWmc41q3k7 (on the Tokyo side of the river)

[![2021 aug 16 tama river odakyu line setagaya](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_aug_16_tama_river_odakyu_line_setagaya.png)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_aug_16_tama_river_odakyu_line_setagaya.png)

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

#### Details

*Enjoy moonlight*

Weather permitting, we'll be bathed in eclipsed moonlight while
enjoying the grassy field with bare feet!

*Enjoy Grass*

We'll relax under lovely trees and grass near the baseball fields next to Tama River.

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

17:30 Meet at Izumi-Tamagawa Station near benches https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8

17:45: Walk toward Tama River

The grass is nice for walking and relaxing.  Enjoy the light of the full moon.

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

**Costs:**

500 yen

**What to bring**

Whatever you need to take care of yourself.
Probably should bring a jacket because the weather is getting cooler.
Bring lightweight shoes for the short (~5 minute) walk to the river.
Watch for little rocks!

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!

**Covid Considerations**

You know the situation.  I know you have thought about it and I trust you
to make a good decision for yourself.  If you want a group with masks,
I recommend https://www.meetup.com/tokyospontaneous

Commit message:

Fix link to LINE group QR code....
LIKE A BOSS!!!

content/events/2021/11/19barefoot-under-the-lunar-eclipse.en.md, after:

---
title: "Barefoot under the lunar eclipse"
tags: [ "2021", "barefoot", "event", "izumi-tamagawa", "lunar eclipse", "moon", "nov", "walk" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2021-11-18T18:26:59+09:00
TimeDescription: "gather at 17:30; walk to Tama River at 17:45"
EventDate: "2021-11-19"
aliases: [
    "/events/2021/11/19barefoot-under-the-lunar-eclipse",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_nov_18_lunar_eclipse_plan.png" "2021 nov 18 lunar eclipse plan" %}}

Enjoy the night air.  Enjoy moonlight.  Touch the earth. Connect with nature. Connect with friends.

Enjoy chatting and barefoot walking on the almost fully eclipsed moon night.  Share beautiful experiences with like-minded friends!

We'll also share some quiet time in prayer under the eclipsed moon.

#### When

**Friday 19 November 2021, gather at 17:30; walk toward Tama River at 17:45**

#### Where

**Meeting Spot #1 by the [benches near Izumi-Tamagawa station](https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8)**
https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8

[![2021 aug 16 izumi tamagawa meeting spot](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_aug_16_izumi_tamagawa_meeting_spot.png)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_aug_16_izumi_tamagawa_meeting_spot.png)

**Meeting Spot #2 by [Tama River and Odakyu rail crossing](https://goo.gl/maps/2Ysk1D4EWmc41q3k7)**
https://goo.gl/maps/2Ysk1D4EWmc41q3k7 (on the Tokyo side of the river)

[![2021 aug 16 tama river odakyu line setagaya](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_aug_16_tama_river_odakyu_line_setagaya.png)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_aug_16_tama_river_odakyu_line_setagaya.png)

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

#### Details

*Enjoy moonlight*

Weather permitting, we'll be bathed in eclipsed moonlight while
enjoying the grassy field with bare feet!

*Enjoy Grass*

We'll relax under lovely trees and grass near the baseball fields next to Tama River.

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

17:30 Meet at Izumi-Tamagawa Station near benches https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8

17:45: Walk toward Tama River

The grass is nice for walking and relaxing.  Enjoy the light of the full moon.

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

**Costs:**

500 yen

**What to bring**

Whatever you need to take care of yourself.
Probably should bring a jacket because the weather is getting cooler.
Bring lightweight shoes for the short (~5 minute) walk to the river.
Watch for little rocks!

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!

**Covid Considerations**

You know the situation.  I know you have thought about it and I trust you
to make a good decision for yourself.  If you want a group with masks,
I recommend https://www.meetup.com/tokyospontaneous
