templates/event_templates/walk_and_talk/shin_yuri_manpukuji_park/shin_yuri_manpukuji_park.en.md, before:

---
title: "%s"
tags: [ %s ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: %s
EventLocation: "EVENT_LOCATION"
EventTime: "EVENT_TIME"
TimeDescription: "gather at FIRST_GATHERING_TIME; walk toward Manpukuji Hiyama Park at FIRST_DEPARTURE_TIME"
EventDate: "%sTEVENT_TIME:00+09:00"
aliases: [
    "/enalias_path",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "episode_image" "episode_image_alt" %}}

Refresh your spirit. Step in mud. Connect with nature. Connect with friends.

Barefoot Walking Experience in [Manpukuji Hiyama Park](https://goo.gl/maps/kTvNmsKf2XGYAbns6)

Barefoot walking, breathing, enjoying fresh air and a hilly park.

#### First Meeting Point

HUMANDATE, FIRST_GATHERING_TIME

Shin Yurigaoka [between KFC, MUFG, and Dean and Deluca](https://goo.gl/maps/aoY2j7WxkNjSC2u98):  35°36'13.3"N 139°30'29.5"E  https://w3w.co/locator.juggler.nail

#### Second Meeting Point is Manpukuji Hiyama Park

HUMANDATE, EVENT_TIME

[Manpukuji Hiyama Park](https://goo.gl/maps/kTvNmsKf2XGYAbns6) https://goo.gl/maps/cDRmrwqTXid1Cfd2A

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

#### Details

*Enjoy Mud*

Manpukuji Hiyama Park features stairs, slight hills, shaded spaces,
a small muddy leafy stretch to step in mud,
and a faucet for rinsing off.

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

*Enjoy Community*

Find like-minded others who enjoy walking barefoot in mud!

*What to Expect*

* The event is on, rain or shine.
* We'll walk from Shin Yurigaoka station starting FIRST_DEPARTURE_TIME
* Feel free to join at Manpukuji Hiyama Park by EVENT_TIME.
* Take off your shoes in the park; connect with mother earth via leafy mud!
* Meet friends, enjoy chatting, connecting
* Wash feet at an outdoor faucet in the park.

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

**Donation:**

1000 yen

Commit message:

Fix link to LINE group QR code....
LIKE A BOSS!!!

templates/event_templates/walk_and_talk/shin_yuri_manpukuji_park/shin_yuri_manpukuji_park.en.md, after:

---
title: "%s"
tags: [ %s ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: %s
EventLocation: "EVENT_LOCATION"
EventTime: "EVENT_TIME"
TimeDescription: "gather at FIRST_GATHERING_TIME; walk toward Manpukuji Hiyama Park at FIRST_DEPARTURE_TIME"
EventDate: "%sTEVENT_TIME:00+09:00"
aliases: [
    "/enalias_path",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "episode_image" "episode_image_alt" %}}

Refresh your spirit. Step in mud. Connect with nature. Connect with friends.

Barefoot Walking Experience in [Manpukuji Hiyama Park](https://goo.gl/maps/kTvNmsKf2XGYAbns6)

Barefoot walking, breathing, enjoying fresh air and a hilly park.

#### First Meeting Point

HUMANDATE, FIRST_GATHERING_TIME

Shin Yurigaoka [between KFC, MUFG, and Dean and Deluca](https://goo.gl/maps/aoY2j7WxkNjSC2u98):  35°36'13.3"N 139°30'29.5"E  https://w3w.co/locator.juggler.nail

#### Second Meeting Point is Manpukuji Hiyama Park

HUMANDATE, EVENT_TIME

[Manpukuji Hiyama Park](https://goo.gl/maps/kTvNmsKf2XGYAbns6) https://goo.gl/maps/cDRmrwqTXid1Cfd2A

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

#### Details

*Enjoy Mud*

Manpukuji Hiyama Park features stairs, slight hills, shaded spaces,
a small muddy leafy stretch to step in mud,
and a faucet for rinsing off.

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

*Enjoy Community*

Find like-minded others who enjoy walking barefoot in mud!

*What to Expect*

* The event is on, rain or shine.
* We'll walk from Shin Yurigaoka station starting FIRST_DEPARTURE_TIME
* Feel free to join at Manpukuji Hiyama Park by EVENT_TIME.
* Take off your shoes in the park; connect with mother earth via leafy mud!
* Meet friends, enjoy chatting, connecting
* Wash feet at an outdoor faucet in the park.

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

**Donation:**

1000 yen
