content/events/2022/11/08barefoot-walking-event-under-lunar-eclipse-near-izumi-tamagawa.en.md, before:

---
title: "Barefoot walking event under lunar eclipse near Izumi Tamagawa"
tags: [ "2022", "Barefoot Rob", "barefoot", "event", "eclipsed moon", "izumi-tamagawa", "november", "riverside", "tamagawa", "walk", "はだし", "多摩川", "満月", "裸足のロブ" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2022-09-28T20:23:18+09:00
EventLocation: "Izumi Tamagawa for eclipsed moon 月食"
EventTime: "19:30"
TimeDescription: "gather at 19:15; walk to Tama River at 19:25"
EventDate: "2022-11-08T19:30:00+09:00"
aliases: [
    "/en/events/2022/11/08barefoot-walking-event-under-lunar-eclipse-near-izumi-tamagawa",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/2022_nov_08_lunar_eclipse_timeanddate.com.png" "2022 nov 08 lunar eclipse timeanddate" %}}

<div class="note">image:
<a href="https://www.timeanddate.com/eclipse/in/japan/tokyo">https://www.timeanddate.com/eclipse/in/japan/tokyo</a>
</div>

Enjoy the night air.  Enjoy moonlight.  Touch the earth. Connect with nature. Connect with friends.

Enjoy chatting and barefoot walking on the eclipsed moon night.  Share beautiful experiences with like-minded friends!

We'll also share some quiet time in prayer under the eclipsed moon.

#### When

**Tuesday 08 November 2022, gather at 19:15; walk toward Tama River at 19:30**

#### Where

**Meet by the [benches near Izumi-Tamagawa station](https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8)**
https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8

[![2021 aug 16 izumi tamagawa meeting spot](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_aug_16_izumi_tamagawa_meeting_spot.png)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_aug_16_izumi_tamagawa_meeting_spot.png)

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

#### Details

*Enjoy moonlight*

Weather permitting, we'll be bathed in moonlight while
enjoying the grassy field with bare feet!

*Enjoy Grass*

We'll relax in a lovely grass baseball field next to Tama River.

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

19:15 Meet at Izumi-Tamagawa Station near benches https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8

19:25: Walk toward Tama River

The grass is nice for walking and relaxing.  Enjoy the light of the eclipsed moon.

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

**Donation:**

2000 yen

**What to bring**

Whatever you need to take care of yourself.
Probably should bring a jacket because the weather is getting cooler.
Bring lightweight shoes for the short (~5 minute) walk to the river.
Watch for little rocks!

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!

Commit message:

Fix link to LINE group QR code....
LIKE A BOSS!!!

content/events/2022/11/08barefoot-walking-event-under-lunar-eclipse-near-izumi-tamagawa.en.md, after:

---
title: "Barefoot walking event under lunar eclipse near Izumi Tamagawa"
tags: [ "2022", "Barefoot Rob", "barefoot", "event", "eclipsed moon", "izumi-tamagawa", "november", "riverside", "tamagawa", "walk", "はだし", "多摩川", "満月", "裸足のロブ" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2022-09-28T20:23:18+09:00
EventLocation: "Izumi Tamagawa for eclipsed moon 月食"
EventTime: "19:30"
TimeDescription: "gather at 19:15; walk to Tama River at 19:25"
EventDate: "2022-11-08T19:30:00+09:00"
aliases: [
    "/en/events/2022/11/08barefoot-walking-event-under-lunar-eclipse-near-izumi-tamagawa",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/2022_nov_08_lunar_eclipse_timeanddate.com.png" "2022 nov 08 lunar eclipse timeanddate" %}}

<div class="note">image:
<a href="https://www.timeanddate.com/eclipse/in/japan/tokyo">https://www.timeanddate.com/eclipse/in/japan/tokyo</a>
</div>

Enjoy the night air.  Enjoy moonlight.  Touch the earth. Connect with nature. Connect with friends.

Enjoy chatting and barefoot walking on the eclipsed moon night.  Share beautiful experiences with like-minded friends!

We'll also share some quiet time in prayer under the eclipsed moon.

#### When

**Tuesday 08 November 2022, gather at 19:15; walk toward Tama River at 19:30**

#### Where

**Meet by the [benches near Izumi-Tamagawa station](https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8)**
https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8

[![2021 aug 16 izumi tamagawa meeting spot](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_aug_16_izumi_tamagawa_meeting_spot.png)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_aug_16_izumi_tamagawa_meeting_spot.png)

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

#### Details

*Enjoy moonlight*

Weather permitting, we'll be bathed in moonlight while
enjoying the grassy field with bare feet!

*Enjoy Grass*

We'll relax in a lovely grass baseball field next to Tama River.

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

19:15 Meet at Izumi-Tamagawa Station near benches https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8

19:25: Walk toward Tama River

The grass is nice for walking and relaxing.  Enjoy the light of the eclipsed moon.

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

**Donation:**

2000 yen

**What to bring**

Whatever you need to take care of yourself.
Probably should bring a jacket because the weather is getting cooler.
Bring lightweight shoes for the short (~5 minute) walk to the river.
Watch for little rocks!

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!
