templates/event_templates/walk_and_talk/rinshi_no_mori/rinshi_no_mori.en.md, before:

---
title: "%s"
tags: [ %s ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: %s
EventLocation: "EVENT_LOCATION"
EventTime: "EVENT_TIME"
TimeDescription: "gather at FIRST_GATHERING_TIME; meet in Rinshi-no-Mori Park at EVENT_TIME"
EventDate: "%sTEVENT_TIME:00+09:00"
aliases: [
    "/enalias_path",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "episode_image" "episode_image_alt" %}}

Refresh your spirit. Touch the earth. Connect with nature.

Barefoot Walking Experience:

Barefoot walking, breathing, enjoying fresh air.

#### First Meeting Point

HUMANDATE, FIRST_GATHERING_TIME

Musashi-Koyama Station [next to Family Mart](https://goo.gl/maps/y3UrUcLu5heqNc8VA)

#### Second Meeting Point

HUMANDATE, EVENT_TIME

Circular space in [Rinshi-no-Mori Park](https://goo.gl/maps/RT2w4S4BvaHFreHM8)

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

#### Details

*Enjoy Nature*

Rinshi-no-Mori Park features
forested grounds and open spaces,
plus a stream and
playground/picnic areas.

*Enjoy Connection*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

After the walk, we'll go have an after-walk tea party,
for a chance to share reflections of our barefoot walk!

What to Expect:

* I will talk about how to safely walk barefoot.
* We will feel asphalt, grass, and myriad other surfaces.
* Let's enjoy discovering the park together!
* After barefoot walk: tea party

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

**Donation:**

500 yen

**What to bring**

Whatever you need to take care of yourself.  Come wearing lightweight
shoes and maybe a bag to carry them just in case you need to put them on
during the walk!

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!

Commit message:

Fix link to LINE group QR code....
LIKE A BOSS!!!

templates/event_templates/walk_and_talk/rinshi_no_mori/rinshi_no_mori.en.md, after:

---
title: "%s"
tags: [ %s ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: %s
EventLocation: "EVENT_LOCATION"
EventTime: "EVENT_TIME"
TimeDescription: "gather at FIRST_GATHERING_TIME; meet in Rinshi-no-Mori Park at EVENT_TIME"
EventDate: "%sTEVENT_TIME:00+09:00"
aliases: [
    "/enalias_path",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "episode_image" "episode_image_alt" %}}

Refresh your spirit. Touch the earth. Connect with nature.

Barefoot Walking Experience:

Barefoot walking, breathing, enjoying fresh air.

#### First Meeting Point

HUMANDATE, FIRST_GATHERING_TIME

Musashi-Koyama Station [next to Family Mart](https://goo.gl/maps/y3UrUcLu5heqNc8VA)

#### Second Meeting Point

HUMANDATE, EVENT_TIME

Circular space in [Rinshi-no-Mori Park](https://goo.gl/maps/RT2w4S4BvaHFreHM8)

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

#### Details

*Enjoy Nature*

Rinshi-no-Mori Park features
forested grounds and open spaces,
plus a stream and
playground/picnic areas.

*Enjoy Connection*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

After the walk, we'll go have an after-walk tea party,
for a chance to share reflections of our barefoot walk!

What to Expect:

* I will talk about how to safely walk barefoot.
* We will feel asphalt, grass, and myriad other surfaces.
* Let's enjoy discovering the park together!
* After barefoot walk: tea party

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

**Donation:**

500 yen

**What to bring**

Whatever you need to take care of yourself.  Come wearing lightweight
shoes and maybe a bag to carry them just in case you need to put them on
during the walk!

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!
