---
title: "0113 - TJ Bike - Part 2"
tags: [ "2023", "book", "tj bike", "january" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2023-02-04T10:01:11+09:00
EventDate: "2023-01-31T12:00:00+09:00"
aliases: [
    "/en/books/slow-down/0113-tj-bike-part-2",
    "/en/books/slow-down/1131-tj-bike-part-2",
]
draft: false
---

<img
src="https://b.robnugen.com/travel/tjbike/kyoto2006/almost_finished/TJ_Bike_goes_in_for_questioning__1.jpg"
alt="Police placing TJ Bike into their truck"
class="title" />


https://otter.ai/u/ZyNGtar-Ox6EIi9Ifs8sLNr4IzE?utm_source=copy_url

Okay, now here's part two of the TJ bike story. I left the passenger
center was recommended to go on the north side of B Walco, the largest
lake in Japan. And I went to Amanohashidate that day, which, wow,
that's amazing that came out in the transcription that they said was
like the third most beautiful place to see in Japan. I went as I am,
it's okay. I definitely wouldn't have put it in the top three, but it
stands out in the story because they had built it up so much as like,
okay, it's a hill overlooking the city, but then the dragons need to
turn your head upside down and dragons tail maybe it's good for kids,
but I was like, Yeah, whatever. Maybe just so frickin tired. ride my
bicycle all around. Had I gone via train, maybe be different, but it
was okay. The cool thing about this part of the country is there not
many trains and while it was spread out I was again on my own free
time do whatever I want. I had a train a train went by. It was only to
train cars as I Oh, wow. I'm going to take a picture of that. So I
waited until the next train and waited and waited and waited. And a
woman was like what you're doing because she went home and came back
or whatever she went by you like what you're doing, like waiting for
the train. She's like, the next train is not going to be for another
45 minutes. I said, Oh, really? I was like, Oh, that's okay. I'll just
wait. And she's like, okay, and so she went, apparently home, came
back with some big ass strawberries. Like they were enormous like,
like five strawberries had barely fit into a pint container. Wow,
thank you so much. And I just like eat these strawberries with my
hands. I'll read from the juice everywhere is so so great. And
delicious. thanked her never you know, exchange information with all
over again. But nice little gift. Thank you Miss strawberry strawberry
grower. And the train came by after loud I took a picture. I have no
idea where that picture is. Oh, I do know that picture is that's
interesting. That's a different story. are a hard drive and magic
smoke oh gosh that's so frustrating. So you Yeah. Brain brain come
back. So dry riding my bicycle around to the topic of the coast and
came back. Have no idea where I was except new kind of I know that
city I just mentioned, and Overby Walco but again, we didn't. I didn't
have Google phone or no GPS running around tracking me. And I don't
remember really writing much in my map book at that time. Thing and
look for that. But I got down to I think Nagoya. Yeah, that's
right. And saw my friend Karen, who I had met on peace boat. And she
basically, Maria put me up for a few days. But then, like, turns out
she was like putting up with me for about a week and she's like, Yo,
Rob, you gotta go. And I was like, holy shit. I'm sorry. You're
right. Because you know I was just being in there and using the
internet at the university a lot. But you know, she she didn't know
she was single and just want to travel in space and so i i left and
from Nagoya I saw a city on the map called Toyota. I think it was
intrigued by the car company name and the city name and made my way
down to Hakone and up and down some starting to get hilly again. Got
to Hakone and there's the next day was scheduled to eat lunch with now
I just summarized like five days, I think in two seconds here. The
next day was scheduled to eat lunch with my friend whose name I
forgotten in odo water, and the map shirt said it was a straight shot
from auto water from Hakone to go to water. So cool. I want to get
there quick because I'm tired. And the though the map said the road
was straight. The road said the road was curvy. What a mean is the map
had only very what's on even a loss of word here but the scale on the
map didn't couldn't possibly show how curvy This road was it just like
basically straight but as hella curvy and reality. And I went on the
first curve and bike bike TJ bike being overloaded brakes were
tired. I was tired. I went off the road and kind of into the the soft
mud embankment. And, you know, like, you're kind of blown into the
mud, not mud, but softer. And was i Oh, better be careful. But
apparently I wasn't careful. And that in that moment, I mean, that was
the new the guidance from from God being like, Hey, man, don't go down
this hill. But I persevered. I said right next time if it happens
again. I'll stop. However, next time. It wasn't a sophomore embankment
it was a car and I went I had gone you know, think about riding on the
on the left side of the road. As cars. Traffic circulates on the
left. Generally in Japan, car traffic does what traffic doesn't always
anyway, doesn't matter. The curves were so curvy and the bike was so
overweighted that I went into the right hand side of the road and the
car was coming up and I was like oh shit. And yeah, I pulled back
toward the left but didn't quite make it and I hit the very back edge
of the car. Push me down sideways to the left. And like boom, onto the
pavement or asphalt and then like hot or had a wreck. I lifted up my
bike, put it on the side of the road. My heavy ass bike that I picked
up. On the side of the road I sat down say what is my shoulder hurt?
Putting my right hand on my left shoulder is like, oh, that's the
wrong shape for my shoulder. bone was broken, the clavicle was broken
and as well and I looked up at the trees and looked up at the
weather. I said today is a beautiful day to break my shoulder. Even
though it had been like a couple of weeks, I'm sure guessing since I
left the Vipassana meditation center. I still had the meditation vibe
in my in my being and I was still meditating, like up to an hour each
morning. And I can't say that I did meditate that morning. I have no
memory of that. But I but I remember telling the story is like because
I had done Vipassana. Even though I broke my shoulder, I was aware of
the situation around me. Say huh today's a nice day to break my
shoulder. Beautiful whether checking the rest of my body is like like
nothing else is hurt. There is no pain anywhere else my there is no
yours and nose or everything's all working fine. It's just my shoulder
say okay. And

just so, so grateful for having done the meditative experience that
allowed me to have this presence while your ex had just after
experiencing a broken shoulder. The car stopped called 911 I free up
the numbers here and 110 Maybe 119 That's it. 110 is for police 119 is
for is for ambulance. Ambulance came police came ambulance took me to
the hospital. Police took my bicycle to the police station down in
order water and hospital was just up the hill at a clinic. And the
doctor was like well, you need surgery but we can't do it here. We're
not outfit for the kind of surgery that you need. And a woman
overheard the situation and me stumbling through the Japanese. She's
like, Do you need help? Yeah, that would be fantastic. She's speaking
in English her her mom was there at the clinic from I think she'd said
she got like basically flush from too much heat and not enough water
while running around Hakone. So once they got all sorted out, they
drove me down to down the hill safely to the train station. And I
don't remember which back maybe I just took my laptop bag or something
but I couldn't have cared on both shoulders. I don't I don't I have no
idea but I believe I would have kept my laptop. But they took me down
to the train station. Made sure I got on the right train the romance
car to Shinjuku. We had they took me to lunch at a like Jonathan's or
something I think some family restaurant is telling there or a cafe
have no idea so long ago. And she this this bilingual woman and I met
for lunch once later like a month. Later or something after had my
surgery and everything and just like grateful to her like Yeah, so the
angels appeared as I was in a time of time of need help me get onto
the train to Shinjuku Station. My friend, Jesse's roommate, Mike came
and met me at the station and took me down to his place which was no
no, we went to hospitals in the evening and everyone was like, nope,
nope, nope, get out of here. And it was very frustrating, but ended up
in the hospital near Sakura sheen mochi. Wonder if that's going to
come out. Transcription, no. sakuta as in the flower sheen as in new
and machi as in city and Sakura cherry blossom? Yes, that one. Um, so
yeah, I brain have a brain. Yeah, so that was the end of my TJ bike
trip. And I'll talk about the surgery. After that. Short answer is
that surgery went well, but just took a few days to get there. It took
a few days for the surgery to be scheduled I think is a better way to
say it.
