https://otter.ai/u/CUxvx6jP7ImxxaMgXo5wFErgrRg

Otter: the convo has been updated:

After the amusement park, and after the pizza, it became time to go. And though it was a really great time, why we did it, it was much later than expected. And just for fun it was raining. So we said our goodbyes and gratitude to the pizza place owner and went outside some people left to their car and some came with me to the locker where I had stashed my bag and coats in all my gear and stuff. So they want me put all that stuff back together. And I don't know if there's any photos of it actually. Which seems strange but hope we can pull some out somewhere. Then it was like Okay, bye. And hugs everyone and I headed off into the rain over the hill. And Lynn was apparently really worried. saying like, I hope, I hope he's okay and all that stuff. And Missy was like dude, he's not going to battle. He's going to walk across the country with a bunch of convenience stores and it'll be fine.

But it was fine in a long walk. Rain rain rain over the hill and down a very steep hill narrow edge way. Somehow I did it barefoot, because wearing sandals would have been too slippery and risk ripping the sandals is a strong sandals. The sandals are not that strong. They said they are not that strong of sandals and down the hill and then stray for a long ways. And just really curious to see this road from a different perspective and to see it noise slowly and to see it in the rain and the scary car is driving by real quick. So quite interesting. Now walk walk, walk, walk, walk. Recognizing that I was walking past a train station that I walked to before going down some stairs that were over there and realize realizing I could have gone up the stairs but then glad I didn't because the stairs would have been wet and lots of BUMP BUMP BUMP BUMP BUMP to go down with my giant bag so the street with a smooth slope was actually better. But it was neat to see the perspective is I oh that's the station down there. Here's a walkway where I could go back and be back where I know where I am. Them

then sort of walking left along the highway, cross the street and the rain was still raining pretty pretty effectively and feel a different texture on the sidewalk which was nice sensation going through the dark and rainy, giant sidewalk found a very interesting recycling center. I think I can find those pictures that I may have taken some photos but it was hard to take photos with all the rain. And fortunately, I had a waterproof phone but dragging my gear and having camera to take photos and how the phone being rained. On was kind of non responsive or incorrectly responding to the raindrops as opposed to my fingers and I also had the map to deal with the phone so it was really kind of a pain in the ass to be following the map and then try to switch to camera mode and the phone is like Oh, raindrop, raindrop and reacting to all the raindrops. You could barely see what I was looking at it was kind of foggy on the camera lens maybe. But overall was fine. I enjoyed walking through some review. Let's have water coming down the another hill. It was a curvy hill it was curving up into the right. Getting into the two o area that's the city to o ch Q o

and walk walk walk I found a water fountain that is the middle of the night so no one was there and it was raining anyway so I splashed in the fountain had a lot of fun splashing in the water and just basically enjoyed myself took some pictures of a kind of a the entrance to a park or something maybe it was a cemetery I don't know. That was before the water fountain in the city. eventually got to the hotel where I was staying, utterly drenched and soaked and the guy at the front desk was like hello. Hi I made a reservation. He's like you know why the hell he's so wet? Would you have an umbrella? And I just explained you I've walked here from Yomiuri land he's like, okay, come on. Like sorry about the water. He's like, don't worry about it. It's like it just drenching dripping water on the tile there. It was tile as well as had to walk carefully. Got into the room and basically just collapsed. That hung up my junk to dry. My intent was my clothes. And it was all dry by mornings I don't remember being wet in the morning. That's one good thing about the bathrooms and hotels they tend to keep them really dry so there won't be mildew or whatever. And closed, dried and headed out the next morning. The I think the same guy was there maybe I don't remember. But that was cool. That was a walk from Yomiuri land to the hotel in Ch you
