content/books/slow-down/1428-day-13-absolutely-the-hardest-day-that-i-wont-do-again.md, before:

---
title: "1428 Day 13 absolutely the hardest day that I won't do again"
tags: [ "2021", "april", "book", "day-13", "walk" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2022-02-02T21:56:08+09:00
EventDate: "2021-04-28T12:00:00+09:00"
aliases: [
    "/en/books/slow-down/1428-day-13-absolutely-the-hardest-day-that-i-wont-do-again",
    "/yn0428",
    "/ynday13",
]
draft: false
---

<img
src="https://b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_planning_to_hike_from_here_to_there.jpeg"
alt="Barefoot Rob pointing to start and end points on hiking trail map"
class="title" />

#### date: '2021-04-28T09:00:22+09:00'

    title: "good morning day 13"
    location: 'geo:36.72829,138.87984;u=2000'

Getting started today on day 13 walking toward the trailhead of my entry point over the hills past the tunnel that I can't go through..

[![2021 apr 27 route to the trailhead to go around tunnel](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_27_route_to_the_trailhead_to_go_around_tunnel.png)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_27_route_to_the_trailhead_to_go_around_tunnel.png)          

#### date: '2021-04-28T09:08:19+09:00'

    title: 'hard to see but ladder ready to climb'
    location: 'geo:36.7298,138.87692;u=122.4000015258789'

Oh my gosh there's a ladder right there across the highway from us but there's a bunch of cars going by and I don't think they would understand why I'm climbing this ladder...

[![2021 apr 27 i want to climb this ladder](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_27_i_want_to_climb_this_ladder.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_27_i_want_to_climb_this_ladder.jpeg)          

Later I decided these ladders are for the monkeys in the area because the concrete walls are hard to climb.

(the black smear in the photo is a car entering the frame)


#### date: '2021-04-28T09:14:16+09:00'

    title: 'red bridge and abandoned trampoline building'

Bridge pretty close to Sarugakyo Onsen area

[![2021 apr 28 red bridge from the side](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_red_bridge_from_the_side.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_red_bridge_from_the_side.jpeg)

This was taken from the same point I just took the Red bridge picture

[![2021 apr 28 valley underlooking red bridge](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_valley_underlooking_red_bridge.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_valley_underlooking_red_bridge.jpeg)

916 a.m. approaching the Red bridge

[![2021 apr 28 approaching the red bridge](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_approaching_the_red_bridge.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_approaching_the_red_bridge.jpeg)

Jason took pics of me on the Red bridge

[![2021 apr 28 rob cheese on red bridge](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_rob_cheese_on_red_bridge.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_rob_cheese_on_red_bridge.jpeg)

[![2021 apr 28 rob walking on red bridge](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_rob_walking_on_red_bridge.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_rob_walking_on_red_bridge.jpeg)

Built in 1963

[![2021 apr 28 bridge inscription](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_bridge_inscription.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_bridge_inscription.jpeg)

Not sure what these are but they sure seen rusty

[![2021 apr 28 rusted light poles i guess](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_rusted_light_poles_i_guess.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_rusted_light_poles_i_guess.jpeg)

I'm glad we didn't go into this abandoned building because I barely made it to my hotel in time for dinner tonight but I did certainly think about going into the building...

[![2021 apr 28 another abandoned building](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_another_abandoned_building.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_another_abandoned_building.jpeg)

I did a few test bounces on the trampoline but it wasn't strong enough for me to be comfortable doing backflips on it

[![2021 apr 28 trampoline and skate ramps](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_trampoline_and_skate_ramps.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_trampoline_and_skate_ramps.jpeg)

I wonder what caused the sheet to be lifted up strongly enough to pull these things out of the ground you usually stab it in

[![2021 apr 28 what has caused these to be pulled up](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_what_has_caused_these_to_be_pulled_up.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_what_has_caused_these_to_be_pulled_up.jpeg)          
#### date: '2021-04-28T09:32:13+09:00'

    title: 'François!  get down from there!'
    location: 'geo:36.73237,138.86935;u=42.5'

<img
src="//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_27_what_a_naughty_rabbit.jpeg"
alt="Naughty rabbit"
class="title" />

Walking along a telephone line or something I saw a place where François can sit

#### date: '2021-04-28T09:58:47+09:00'

    title: 'almost at the trail we need to take'
    location: 'geo:36.71806,138.89841;u=3099.9990234375'

<img
src="//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_27_francois_and_red_flowering_tree.jpeg"
alt="2021 apr 27 François and red flowering tree"
class="title" />

Wow.  This red flowering tree amazed me with its red flowering flowers.

[![2021 apr 27 François and white flowering tree](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_27_francois_and_white_flowering_tree.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_27_francois_and_white_flowering_tree.jpeg)

If I lived near here I wonder how often I would try to climb this wall..

[![2021 apr 27 neat wall](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_27_neat_wall.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_27_neat_wall.jpeg)

Does walking count as slow?

[![2021 apr 27 slow traffic keep left](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_27_slow_traffic_keep_left.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_27_slow_traffic_keep_left.jpeg)

The numbers keep getting higher.   Remember, add like 30km to count from Yokohama.

[![2021 apr 27 François at 172 km](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_27_francois_at_172_km.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_27_francois_at_172_km.jpeg)          

((( Oh and for the record, we still had 2km to walk before getting to the trail we needed to take. )))


#### date: '2021-04-28T10:20:13+09:00'

    title: 'oops we were only halfway when I thought we were close'
    location: 'geo:36.73077,138.85625;u=300'

Mountains are getting closer and closer...  I guess maybe they're just tall hills and not really mountains

[![2021 apr 27 more of a big hill not a mountain](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_27_more_of_a_big_hill_not_a_mountain.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_27_more_of_a_big_hill_not_a_mountain.jpeg)          


#### date: '2021-04-28T10:23:52+09:00'

    title: 'this concrete block keeps the road in place'
    location: 'geo:36.72981,138.87072;u=1600'

This concrete block is keeping the road on the mountain

[![2021 apr 28 concrete block](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_concrete_block.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_concrete_block.jpeg)     

[![2021 apr 28 feet over concrete block](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_feet_over_concrete_block.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_feet_over_concrete_block.jpeg)

[![2021 apr 28 concrete block is keeping the road on the mountain](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_concrete_block_is_keeping_the_road_on_the_mountain.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_concrete_block_is_keeping_the_road_on_the_mountain.jpeg)          


#### date: '2021-04-28T09:31:39+09:00'

    title: 'highway 17 before trail'

Let's reflect on how this reflector works.

[![2021 apr 28 reflector](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_reflector.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_reflector.jpeg)

I guess these are to catch snow..

[![2021 apr 28 snow catchers perhaps](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_snow_catchers_perhaps.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_snow_catchers_perhaps.jpeg)

This is where we transferred from highway 17 to walking on the trails around Mitsukuni Tunnel

[![2021 apr 28 planning to hike from here to there](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_planning_to_hike_from_here_to_there.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_planning_to_hike_from_here_to_there.jpeg)          
#### date: '2021-04-28T13:59:00+09:00'

    title: 'snow on the trail and tunnel through the trees'
    location: 'geo:36.7634,138.82418;u=2200'

Somehow, there's a little patch of snow un melted on the trail when we haven't seen any other such patches for some kilometers

[![2021 apr 27 small patch of snow in the trail](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_27_small_patch_of_snow_in_the_trail.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_27_small_patch_of_snow_in_the_trail.jpeg)

And between the trees we can just barely make out the tunnel that we're walking around

[![2021 apr 27 tunnel visible between the trees](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_27_tunnel_visible_between_the_trees.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_27_tunnel_visible_between_the_trees.jpeg)          


Me at Obansanja Shrine

[![2021 apr 28 rob at obansanja shrine](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_rob_at_obansanja_shrine.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_rob_at_obansanja_shrine.jpeg)

Standing on the frame near the tunnel entrance

[![2021 apr 28 rob on mitsukuni tunnel](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_rob_on_mitsukuni_tunnel.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_rob_on_mitsukuni_tunnel.jpeg)

[![2021 apr 28 rob walking along windowed tunnel](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_rob_walking_along_windowed_tunnel.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_rob_walking_along_windowed_tunnel.jpeg)     


#### post date: '2021-04-29T06:27:50+09:00'

    title: 'past trail arriving at akashiya house'
    location: 'geo:36.78711,138.79841;u=1899.9990234375'

[![2021 apr 28 snow near bottom of the trail](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_snow_near_bottom_of_the_trail.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_snow_near_bottom_of_the_trail.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 28 snow and stream near trail](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_snow_and_stream_near_trail.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_snow_and_stream_near_trail.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 28 we are right here](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_we_are_right_here.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_we_are_right_here.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 28 sign with a black bear](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_sign_with_a_black_bear.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_sign_with_a_black_bear.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 28 mitsukuni tunnel interior](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_mitsukuni_tunnel_interior.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_mitsukuni_tunnel_interior.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 28 the next windowed tunnel](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_the_next_windowed_tunnel.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_the_next_windowed_tunnel.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 28 corona safety sign over highway](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_corona_safety_sign_over_highway.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_corona_safety_sign_over_highway.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 28 ski slope sans snow](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_ski_slope_sans_snow.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_ski_slope_sans_snow.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 28 akashiya house entrance](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_akashiya_house_entrance.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_akashiya_house_entrance.jpeg)          

#### Plan for Day 13:

<!-- 25 March 2021: WALK SEGMENT SEPARATOR  ===========  TO HELP ME SEE AND EDIT SEGMENT DETAILS -->
<div class="walk-segment">

* Day <span class="day_source">Thirteen</span>
(<span class="day_date">Wednesday April 28th</span> *)
1 part:
<br>
Walk <span class="km_source">14</span>km,
From [Sports Inn Fujiya](https://goo.gl/maps/jXdUYeUBKoghTaQ78)
To [Family House Akashiya](https://goo.gl/maps/Cs43KenXgvZJVFoT8)
(<span class="km_total">217</span>km walked so far)

Will use:

* [Shinmikunio Bridge](https://goo.gl/maps/qBT5vo9Xu1GCvPs6A)

Will *not* use:

* [tunnels](https://goo.gl/maps/fvxS6g6ys3iLmdMs8)!

Notice the tunnels on Highway 17 (Mikuni Highway), south of [Obansanja Shrine](https://goo.gl/maps/FPMimFRj2ETNoCj3A).  Along 17, I will take a [trail starting here](https://goo.gl/maps/eRdo2j5maUF2EdpM9), hike *around* the tunnels, past [Obansanja Shrine](https://goo.gl/maps/yyt6VTDutJXz9htm7), and [finish the trail here](https://goo.gl/maps/2LChPf3Uo6w7HVxK7).

You may notice there is another [tunnel looking thing, but it has a sidewalk](https://goo.gl/maps/6apj5cUHDrySQp4z9) next to it.

[![Walk 14km
from Sports Inn Fujiya
to Family House Akashiya
](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/route_plans/thumbs/2021_mar_19_sports_inn_fujiya_family_house_akashiya.png)](https://goo.gl/maps/zfJWheGEa9n6Ywo27)

</div>

Commit message:

Add caveat that the content might not be in order

content/books/slow-down/1428-day-13-absolutely-the-hardest-day-that-i-wont-do-again.md, after:

---
title: "1428 Day 13 absolutely the hardest day that I won't do again"
tags: [ "2021", "april", "book", "day-13", "walk" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2022-02-02T21:56:08+09:00
EventDate: "2021-04-28T12:00:00+09:00"
aliases: [
    "/en/books/slow-down/1428-day-13-absolutely-the-hardest-day-that-i-wont-do-again",
    "/yn0428",
    "/ynday13",
]
draft: false
---

<img
src="https://b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_planning_to_hike_from_here_to_there.jpeg"
alt="Barefoot Rob pointing to start and end points on hiking trail map"
class="title" />

#### BEGIN 22:50pm JST Wednesday 2 February 2022

I just put all the content below based on entries visible here

    content/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/04/28almost-at-the-trail-we-need-to-take.md
    content/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/04/28day-13-will-likely-be-challenging.md
    content/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/04/28francois--get-down-from-there.md
    content/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/04/28good-morning-day-13.md
    content/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/04/28hard-to-see-but-ladder-ready-to-climb.md
    content/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/04/28highway-17-before-trail.md
    content/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/04/28oops-we-were-only-halfway-when-i-thought-we-were-close.md
    content/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/04/28red-bridge-and-abandoned-trampoline-building.md
    content/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/04/28snow-on-the-trail-and-tunnel-through-the-trees.md
    content/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/04/28this-concrete-block-keeps-the-road-in-place.md
    content/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/04/29omg-i-did-not-know-the-ways-this-trip-would-be-difficult.md
    content/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/04/29past-trail-arriving-at-akashiya-house.md

BUT it seems the post date for some might not match the order in which photos were taken.  

#### END 22:50pm JST Wednesday 2 February 2022

#### date: '2021-04-28T09:00:22+09:00'

    title: "good morning day 13"
    location: 'geo:36.72829,138.87984;u=2000'

Getting started today on day 13 walking toward the trailhead of my entry point over the hills past the tunnel that I can't go through..

[![2021 apr 27 route to the trailhead to go around tunnel](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_27_route_to_the_trailhead_to_go_around_tunnel.png)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_27_route_to_the_trailhead_to_go_around_tunnel.png)          

#### date: '2021-04-28T09:08:19+09:00'

    title: 'hard to see but ladder ready to climb'
    location: 'geo:36.7298,138.87692;u=122.4000015258789'

Oh my gosh there's a ladder right there across the highway from us but there's a bunch of cars going by and I don't think they would understand why I'm climbing this ladder...

[![2021 apr 27 i want to climb this ladder](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_27_i_want_to_climb_this_ladder.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_27_i_want_to_climb_this_ladder.jpeg)          

Later I decided these ladders are for the monkeys in the area because the concrete walls are hard to climb.

(the black smear in the photo is a car entering the frame)


#### date: '2021-04-28T09:14:16+09:00'

    title: 'red bridge and abandoned trampoline building'

Bridge pretty close to Sarugakyo Onsen area

[![2021 apr 28 red bridge from the side](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_red_bridge_from_the_side.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_red_bridge_from_the_side.jpeg)

This was taken from the same point I just took the Red bridge picture

[![2021 apr 28 valley underlooking red bridge](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_valley_underlooking_red_bridge.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_valley_underlooking_red_bridge.jpeg)

916 a.m. approaching the Red bridge

[![2021 apr 28 approaching the red bridge](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_approaching_the_red_bridge.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_approaching_the_red_bridge.jpeg)

Jason took pics of me on the Red bridge

[![2021 apr 28 rob cheese on red bridge](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_rob_cheese_on_red_bridge.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_rob_cheese_on_red_bridge.jpeg)

[![2021 apr 28 rob walking on red bridge](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_rob_walking_on_red_bridge.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_rob_walking_on_red_bridge.jpeg)

Built in 1963

[![2021 apr 28 bridge inscription](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_bridge_inscription.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_bridge_inscription.jpeg)

Not sure what these are but they sure seen rusty

[![2021 apr 28 rusted light poles i guess](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_rusted_light_poles_i_guess.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_rusted_light_poles_i_guess.jpeg)

I'm glad we didn't go into this abandoned building because I barely made it to my hotel in time for dinner tonight but I did certainly think about going into the building...

[![2021 apr 28 another abandoned building](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_another_abandoned_building.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_another_abandoned_building.jpeg)

I did a few test bounces on the trampoline but it wasn't strong enough for me to be comfortable doing backflips on it

[![2021 apr 28 trampoline and skate ramps](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_trampoline_and_skate_ramps.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_trampoline_and_skate_ramps.jpeg)

I wonder what caused the sheet to be lifted up strongly enough to pull these things out of the ground you usually stab it in

[![2021 apr 28 what has caused these to be pulled up](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_what_has_caused_these_to_be_pulled_up.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_what_has_caused_these_to_be_pulled_up.jpeg)          
#### date: '2021-04-28T09:32:13+09:00'

    title: 'François!  get down from there!'
    location: 'geo:36.73237,138.86935;u=42.5'

<img
src="//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_27_what_a_naughty_rabbit.jpeg"
alt="Naughty rabbit"
class="title" />

Walking along a telephone line or something I saw a place where François can sit

#### date: '2021-04-28T09:58:47+09:00'

    title: 'almost at the trail we need to take'
    location: 'geo:36.71806,138.89841;u=3099.9990234375'

<img
src="//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_27_francois_and_red_flowering_tree.jpeg"
alt="2021 apr 27 François and red flowering tree"
class="title" />

Wow.  This red flowering tree amazed me with its red flowering flowers.

[![2021 apr 27 François and white flowering tree](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_27_francois_and_white_flowering_tree.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_27_francois_and_white_flowering_tree.jpeg)

If I lived near here I wonder how often I would try to climb this wall..

[![2021 apr 27 neat wall](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_27_neat_wall.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_27_neat_wall.jpeg)

Does walking count as slow?

[![2021 apr 27 slow traffic keep left](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_27_slow_traffic_keep_left.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_27_slow_traffic_keep_left.jpeg)

The numbers keep getting higher.   Remember, add like 30km to count from Yokohama.

[![2021 apr 27 François at 172 km](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_27_francois_at_172_km.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_27_francois_at_172_km.jpeg)          

((( Oh and for the record, we still had 2km to walk before getting to the trail we needed to take. )))


#### date: '2021-04-28T10:20:13+09:00'

    title: 'oops we were only halfway when I thought we were close'
    location: 'geo:36.73077,138.85625;u=300'

Mountains are getting closer and closer...  I guess maybe they're just tall hills and not really mountains

[![2021 apr 27 more of a big hill not a mountain](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_27_more_of_a_big_hill_not_a_mountain.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_27_more_of_a_big_hill_not_a_mountain.jpeg)          


#### date: '2021-04-28T10:23:52+09:00'

    title: 'this concrete block keeps the road in place'
    location: 'geo:36.72981,138.87072;u=1600'

This concrete block is keeping the road on the mountain

[![2021 apr 28 concrete block](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_concrete_block.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_concrete_block.jpeg)     

[![2021 apr 28 feet over concrete block](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_feet_over_concrete_block.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_feet_over_concrete_block.jpeg)

[![2021 apr 28 concrete block is keeping the road on the mountain](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_concrete_block_is_keeping_the_road_on_the_mountain.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_concrete_block_is_keeping_the_road_on_the_mountain.jpeg)          


#### date: '2021-04-28T09:31:39+09:00'

    title: 'highway 17 before trail'

Let's reflect on how this reflector works.

[![2021 apr 28 reflector](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_reflector.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_reflector.jpeg)

I guess these are to catch snow..

[![2021 apr 28 snow catchers perhaps](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_snow_catchers_perhaps.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_snow_catchers_perhaps.jpeg)

This is where we transferred from highway 17 to walking on the trails around Mitsukuni Tunnel

[![2021 apr 28 planning to hike from here to there](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_planning_to_hike_from_here_to_there.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_planning_to_hike_from_here_to_there.jpeg)          
#### date: '2021-04-28T13:59:00+09:00'

    title: 'snow on the trail and tunnel through the trees'
    location: 'geo:36.7634,138.82418;u=2200'

Somehow, there's a little patch of snow un melted on the trail when we haven't seen any other such patches for some kilometers

[![2021 apr 27 small patch of snow in the trail](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_27_small_patch_of_snow_in_the_trail.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_27_small_patch_of_snow_in_the_trail.jpeg)

And between the trees we can just barely make out the tunnel that we're walking around

[![2021 apr 27 tunnel visible between the trees](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_27_tunnel_visible_between_the_trees.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_27_tunnel_visible_between_the_trees.jpeg)          


Me at Obansanja Shrine

[![2021 apr 28 rob at obansanja shrine](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_rob_at_obansanja_shrine.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_rob_at_obansanja_shrine.jpeg)

Standing on the frame near the tunnel entrance

[![2021 apr 28 rob on mitsukuni tunnel](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_rob_on_mitsukuni_tunnel.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_rob_on_mitsukuni_tunnel.jpeg)

[![2021 apr 28 rob walking along windowed tunnel](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_rob_walking_along_windowed_tunnel.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_rob_walking_along_windowed_tunnel.jpeg)     


#### post date: '2021-04-29T06:27:50+09:00'

    title: 'past trail arriving at akashiya house'
    location: 'geo:36.78711,138.79841;u=1899.9990234375'

[![2021 apr 28 snow near bottom of the trail](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_snow_near_bottom_of_the_trail.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_snow_near_bottom_of_the_trail.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 28 snow and stream near trail](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_snow_and_stream_near_trail.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_snow_and_stream_near_trail.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 28 we are right here](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_we_are_right_here.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_we_are_right_here.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 28 sign with a black bear](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_sign_with_a_black_bear.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_sign_with_a_black_bear.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 28 mitsukuni tunnel interior](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_mitsukuni_tunnel_interior.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_mitsukuni_tunnel_interior.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 28 the next windowed tunnel](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_the_next_windowed_tunnel.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_the_next_windowed_tunnel.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 28 corona safety sign over highway](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_corona_safety_sign_over_highway.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_corona_safety_sign_over_highway.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 28 ski slope sans snow](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_ski_slope_sans_snow.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_ski_slope_sans_snow.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 28 akashiya house entrance](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/thumbs/2021_apr_28_akashiya_house_entrance.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-13/2021_apr_28_akashiya_house_entrance.jpeg)          

#### Plan for Day 13:

<!-- 25 March 2021: WALK SEGMENT SEPARATOR  ===========  TO HELP ME SEE AND EDIT SEGMENT DETAILS -->
<div class="walk-segment">

* Day <span class="day_source">Thirteen</span>
(<span class="day_date">Wednesday April 28th</span> *)
1 part:
<br>
Walk <span class="km_source">14</span>km,
From [Sports Inn Fujiya](https://goo.gl/maps/jXdUYeUBKoghTaQ78)
To [Family House Akashiya](https://goo.gl/maps/Cs43KenXgvZJVFoT8)
(<span class="km_total">217</span>km walked so far)

Will use:

* [Shinmikunio Bridge](https://goo.gl/maps/qBT5vo9Xu1GCvPs6A)

Will *not* use:

* [tunnels](https://goo.gl/maps/fvxS6g6ys3iLmdMs8)!

Notice the tunnels on Highway 17 (Mikuni Highway), south of [Obansanja Shrine](https://goo.gl/maps/FPMimFRj2ETNoCj3A).  Along 17, I will take a [trail starting here](https://goo.gl/maps/eRdo2j5maUF2EdpM9), hike *around* the tunnels, past [Obansanja Shrine](https://goo.gl/maps/yyt6VTDutJXz9htm7), and [finish the trail here](https://goo.gl/maps/2LChPf3Uo6w7HVxK7).

You may notice there is another [tunnel looking thing, but it has a sidewalk](https://goo.gl/maps/6apj5cUHDrySQp4z9) next to it.

[![Walk 14km
from Sports Inn Fujiya
to Family House Akashiya
](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/route_plans/thumbs/2021_mar_19_sports_inn_fujiya_family_house_akashiya.png)](https://goo.gl/maps/zfJWheGEa9n6Ywo27)

</div>
