content/books/slow-down/1430-day-15-secret-door-to-a-magical-wonderland-outside-a-tunnel.md, before:

---
title: "1430 Day 15 - secret door to a magical wonderland outside a tunnel"
tags: [ "2021", "april", "book", "day-15", "walk" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2022-02-02T22:19:48+09:00
EventDate: "2021-04-30T12:00:00+09:00"
aliases: [
    "/en/books/slow-down/1430-day-15-secret-door-to-a-magical-wonderland-outside-a-tunnel",
    "/yn0430",
    "/ynday15",
]
draft: false
---

### Happy I followed my heart!

<img
src="https://b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_apr_30_selfie_atop_ladder_between_tunnels.jpeg"
alt="Barefoot Rob atop a ladder looking back over a tunnel"
class="title" />

#### date: '2021-04-30T12:15:13+09:00'

    title: 'walking inside triangle braces of snow blocker'
    location: 'geo:36.89177,138.76324;u=600'

I was intrigued + amazed + happy to see how strong the snow barriers are.

[![2021 may 02 u bolt holding snow fence to pole](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_may_02_u_bolt_holding_snow_fence_to_pole.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_may_02_u_bolt_holding_snow_fence_to_pole.jpeg)
[![2021 may 02 3 u bolts holding snow fence to pole](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_may_02_3_u_bolts_holding_snow_fence_to_pole.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_may_02_3_u_bolts_holding_snow_fence_to_pole.jpeg)

And found a section of triangles through which I could walk quite happily

[![2021 may 02 inside triangles of snow barrier](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_may_02_inside_triangles_of_snow_barrier.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_may_02_inside_triangles_of_snow_barrier.jpeg)
[![2021 may 02 walking inside triangles of snow barrier](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_may_02_walking_inside_triangles_of_snow_barrier.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_may_02_walking_inside_triangles_of_snow_barrier.jpeg)


Day 15 was

<div class="walk-segment">

* Day <span class="day_source">Fifteen</span>
(<span class="day_date">Friday April 30th</span> *)
1 part:
<br>
Walk <span class="km_source">6</span>km,
From [Lodge Montoze](https://goo.gl/maps/RHXs15jPyHPNVPyX6)
To [Kagura White Horse Inn](https://goo.gl/maps/jxFH8Yjw76n3e4dh8)
(<span class="km_total">233</span>km walked so far)

There is a tunnel on Highway 17
just north of Lodge Montoze,
through which I can ~~not~~ safely walk
~~because~~ though there are no sidewalks.  
One of my skiing friends said
there will likely be very few skiers
by this date, so I can ~~likely
use the ski slopes to the west
of the tunnel, possibly using
Tashiro Ropeway.~~

I prefer walking if possible,
but we shall see exactly
what *is* possible!

Update 30 April 2021:  Owner of Montoze Lodge said
there is no reasonable way to go around the mountain.
Must go through the tunnel.
Be careful or he will give us a ride.

We were careful and had a [great time finding a whole magical world](/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/04/30found-a-secret-door-out-of-tunnel/).


[![Walk 06km
from Lodge Montoze
to Kagura White Horse Inn](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/route_plans/thumbs/2021_mar_21_montoze_to_white_horse_inn.png)](https://goo.gl/maps/BY2oHijT5LBUC5dL7)

</div>


#### date: '2021-04-30T21:29:41+09:00'

    title: 'Found a secret door out of tunnel'
    location: 'geo:36.858386,138.773803;u=65'

The owner of Lodge Montoze offered to drive us through the tunnels, but traffic on Highway 17 seemed light enough to venture through the tunnels on foot.

[![2021 apr 30 first walking in tunnel](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_apr_30_first_walking_in_tunnel.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_apr_30_first_walking_in_tunnel.jpeg)

It was basically fine.  We just moved to the side when cards approached.

[![2021 apr 30 cars approaching in the tunnel](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_apr_30_cars_approaching_in_the_tunnel.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_apr_30_cars_approaching_in_the_tunnel.jpeg)

My light and reflective vest should keep us visible enough to oncoming vehicles.

[![2021 apr 30 i had on a light and reflective vest](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_apr_30_i_had_on_a_light_and_reflective_vest.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_apr_30_i_had_on_a_light_and_reflective_vest.jpeg)

After walking 800 meters, we found windows in the tunnel!

[![2021 apr 30 windows in the tunnel](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_apr_30_windows_in_the_tunnel.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_apr_30_windows_in_the_tunnel.jpeg)

We could barely see through the windows.

I wondered what it would be like out there.

[![2021 apr 30 could barely see out the windows](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_apr_30_could_barely_see_out_the_windows.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_apr_30_could_barely_see_out_the_windows.jpeg)

Hmmm if only there were a way to go outside.

[![2021 apr 30 chilling and looking out windows](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_apr_30_chilling_and_looking_out_windows.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_apr_30_chilling_and_looking_out_windows.jpeg)

Walked a few steps further and discovered two huge doors 4 meters tall, standing wide open to the beautiful forest outside.

geo:36.858386,138.773803

[![2021 apr 30 a huge set of doors appeared](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_apr_30_a_huge_set_of_doors_appeared.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_apr_30_a_huge_set_of_doors_appeared.jpeg)

The middle hinge was higher than I am tall!

[![2021 apr 30 the middle hinge was higher than my head](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_apr_30_the_middle_hinge_was_higher_than_my_head.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_apr_30_the_middle_hinge_was_higher_than_my_head.jpeg)

We found a beautiful stream outside.  I looked for a way onto the tunnel.

[![2021 apr 30 beautiful stream outside](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_apr_30_beautiful_stream_outside.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_apr_30_beautiful_stream_outside.jpeg)

Sweet! A ladder is just the thing I need.

[![2021 apr 30 a ladder going up](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_apr_30_a_ladder_going_up.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_apr_30_a_ladder_going_up.jpeg)

On top of the ladder I see the windowed tunnel was actually a connector between two previously distinct tunnels.

[![2021 apr 30 view of the top of the tunnel](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_apr_30_view_of_the_top_of_the_tunnel.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_apr_30_view_of_the_top_of_the_tunnel.jpeg)

I could almost make out the name of the end of the first tunnel

[![2021 apr 30 the north end of southern tunnel](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_apr_30_the_north_end_of_southern_tunnel.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_apr_30_the_north_end_of_southern_tunnel.jpeg)   


I'm on top of the world (of happiness)!

[![2021 apr 30 selfie atop ladder between tunnels](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_apr_30_selfie_atop_ladder_between_tunnels.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_apr_30_selfie_atop_ladder_between_tunnels.jpeg)

Back down the ladder looked a bit spooky and was totally fine.

[![2021 apr 30 back down the ladder](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_apr_30_back_down_the_ladder.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_apr_30_back_down_the_ladder.jpeg)

Looking back, I could just about see the name of the second tunnel

[![2021 apr 30 almost see the name of the second tunnel](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_apr_30_almost_see_the_name_of_the_second_tunnel.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_apr_30_almost_see_the_name_of_the_second_tunnel.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 30 exploring the area between tunnels](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_apr_30_exploring_the_area_between_tunnels.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_apr_30_exploring_the_area_between_tunnels.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 30 i wonder if there is something over there](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_apr_30_i_wonder_if_there_is_something_over_there.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_apr_30_i_wonder_if_there_is_something_over_there.jpeg)

These wall holders really intrigue me

[![2021 apr 30 looking at wall holder](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_apr_30_looking_at_wall_holder.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_apr_30_looking_at_wall_holder.jpeg)

Cool!  It opens up into a larger space..  including a ladder!

[![2021 apr 30 found the ladder back here](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_apr_30_found_the_ladder_back_here.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_apr_30_found_the_ladder_back_here.jpeg)


Duplicate pictures were also posted on May 3rd.  Future editor figure out what to do.


[![2021 may 02 outside the windowed tunnel between long tunnels](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_may_02_outside_the_windowed_tunnel_between_long_tunnels.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_may_02_outside_the_windowed_tunnel_between_long_tunnels.jpeg)

There must be a way to get up there

[![2021 may 02 exploring the area how do i get up there](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_may_02_exploring_the_area_how_do_i_get_up_there.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_may_02_exploring_the_area_how_do_i_get_up_there.jpeg)

Some of the wall anchors did not have covers; I didn't take a picture, but there were three cables inside.

[![2021 may 02 wondering about the anchors holding wall up](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_may_02_wondering_about_the_anchors_holding_wall_up.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_may_02_wondering_about_the_anchors_holding_wall_up.jpeg)

Yes!  I found a ladder around the corner

[![2021 may 02 found a ladder](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_may_02_found_a_ladder.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_may_02_found_a_ladder.jpeg)
[![2021 may 02 tunnel from top of ladder](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_may_02_tunnel_from_top_of_ladder.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_may_02_tunnel_from_top_of_ladder.jpeg)
[![2021 may 02 selfie from top of tunnel end](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_may_02_selfie_from_top_of_tunnel_end.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_may_02_selfie_from_top_of_tunnel_end.jpeg)
[![2021 may 02 trying to make out name of tunnel](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_may_02_trying_to_make_out_name_of_tunnel.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_may_02_trying_to_make_out_name_of_tunnel.jpeg)

Eventually time to go back down..

[![2021 may 02 back down ladder](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_may_02_back_down_ladder.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_may_02_back_down_ladder.jpeg)

Commit message:

Add link to image of door

content/books/slow-down/1430-day-15-secret-door-to-a-magical-wonderland-outside-a-tunnel.md, after:

---
title: "1430 Day 15 - secret door to a magical wonderland outside a tunnel"
tags: [ "2021", "april", "book", "day-15", "walk" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2022-02-02T22:19:48+09:00
EventDate: "2021-04-30T12:00:00+09:00"
aliases: [
    "/en/books/slow-down/1430-day-15-secret-door-to-a-magical-wonderland-outside-a-tunnel",
    "/yn0430",
    "/ynday15",
]
draft: false
---

### Happy I followed my heart!

<img
src="https://b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_apr_30_selfie_atop_ladder_between_tunnels.jpeg"
alt="Barefoot Rob atop a ladder looking back over a tunnel"
class="title" />

#### date: '2021-04-30T12:15:13+09:00'

    title: 'walking inside triangle braces of snow blocker'
    location: 'geo:36.89177,138.76324;u=600'

I was intrigued + amazed + happy to see how strong the snow barriers are.

[![2021 may 02 u bolt holding snow fence to pole](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_may_02_u_bolt_holding_snow_fence_to_pole.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_may_02_u_bolt_holding_snow_fence_to_pole.jpeg)
[![2021 may 02 3 u bolts holding snow fence to pole](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_may_02_3_u_bolts_holding_snow_fence_to_pole.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_may_02_3_u_bolts_holding_snow_fence_to_pole.jpeg)

And found a section of triangles through which I could walk quite happily

[![2021 may 02 inside triangles of snow barrier](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_may_02_inside_triangles_of_snow_barrier.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_may_02_inside_triangles_of_snow_barrier.jpeg)
[![2021 may 02 walking inside triangles of snow barrier](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_may_02_walking_inside_triangles_of_snow_barrier.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_may_02_walking_inside_triangles_of_snow_barrier.jpeg)


Day 15 was

<div class="walk-segment">

* Day <span class="day_source">Fifteen</span>
(<span class="day_date">Friday April 30th</span> *)
1 part:
<br>
Walk <span class="km_source">6</span>km,
From [Lodge Montoze](https://goo.gl/maps/RHXs15jPyHPNVPyX6)
To [Kagura White Horse Inn](https://goo.gl/maps/jxFH8Yjw76n3e4dh8)
(<span class="km_total">233</span>km walked so far)

There is a tunnel on Highway 17
just north of Lodge Montoze,
through which I can ~~not~~ safely walk
~~because~~ though there are no sidewalks.  
One of my skiing friends said
there will likely be very few skiers
by this date, so I can ~~likely
use the ski slopes to the west
of the tunnel, possibly using
Tashiro Ropeway.~~

I prefer walking if possible,
but we shall see exactly
what *is* possible!

Update 30 April 2021:  Owner of Montoze Lodge said
there is no reasonable way to go around the mountain.
Must go through the tunnel.
Be careful or he will give us a ride.

We were careful and had a [great time finding a whole magical world](/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/04/30found-a-secret-door-out-of-tunnel/).

Here's pic of the door via Google Maps https://goo.gl/maps/Eh73bQc6CphSWg3N8

[![Walk 06km
from Lodge Montoze
to Kagura White Horse Inn](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/route_plans/thumbs/2021_mar_21_montoze_to_white_horse_inn.png)](https://goo.gl/maps/BY2oHijT5LBUC5dL7)

</div>


#### date: '2021-04-30T21:29:41+09:00'

    title: 'Found a secret door out of tunnel'
    location: 'geo:36.858386,138.773803;u=65'

The owner of Lodge Montoze offered to drive us through the tunnels, but traffic on Highway 17 seemed light enough to venture through the tunnels on foot.

[![2021 apr 30 first walking in tunnel](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_apr_30_first_walking_in_tunnel.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_apr_30_first_walking_in_tunnel.jpeg)

It was basically fine.  We just moved to the side when cards approached.

[![2021 apr 30 cars approaching in the tunnel](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_apr_30_cars_approaching_in_the_tunnel.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_apr_30_cars_approaching_in_the_tunnel.jpeg)

My light and reflective vest should keep us visible enough to oncoming vehicles.

[![2021 apr 30 i had on a light and reflective vest](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_apr_30_i_had_on_a_light_and_reflective_vest.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_apr_30_i_had_on_a_light_and_reflective_vest.jpeg)

After walking 800 meters, we found windows in the tunnel!

[![2021 apr 30 windows in the tunnel](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_apr_30_windows_in_the_tunnel.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_apr_30_windows_in_the_tunnel.jpeg)

We could barely see through the windows.

I wondered what it would be like out there.

[![2021 apr 30 could barely see out the windows](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_apr_30_could_barely_see_out_the_windows.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_apr_30_could_barely_see_out_the_windows.jpeg)

Hmmm if only there were a way to go outside.

[![2021 apr 30 chilling and looking out windows](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_apr_30_chilling_and_looking_out_windows.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_apr_30_chilling_and_looking_out_windows.jpeg)

Walked a few steps further and discovered two huge doors 4 meters tall, standing wide open to the beautiful forest outside.

geo:36.858386,138.773803

[![2021 apr 30 a huge set of doors appeared](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_apr_30_a_huge_set_of_doors_appeared.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_apr_30_a_huge_set_of_doors_appeared.jpeg)

The middle hinge was higher than I am tall!

[![2021 apr 30 the middle hinge was higher than my head](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_apr_30_the_middle_hinge_was_higher_than_my_head.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_apr_30_the_middle_hinge_was_higher_than_my_head.jpeg)

We found a beautiful stream outside.  I looked for a way onto the tunnel.

[![2021 apr 30 beautiful stream outside](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_apr_30_beautiful_stream_outside.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_apr_30_beautiful_stream_outside.jpeg)

Sweet! A ladder is just the thing I need.

[![2021 apr 30 a ladder going up](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_apr_30_a_ladder_going_up.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_apr_30_a_ladder_going_up.jpeg)

On top of the ladder I see the windowed tunnel was actually a connector between two previously distinct tunnels.

[![2021 apr 30 view of the top of the tunnel](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_apr_30_view_of_the_top_of_the_tunnel.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_apr_30_view_of_the_top_of_the_tunnel.jpeg)

I could almost make out the name of the end of the first tunnel

[![2021 apr 30 the north end of southern tunnel](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_apr_30_the_north_end_of_southern_tunnel.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_apr_30_the_north_end_of_southern_tunnel.jpeg)   


I'm on top of the world (of happiness)!

[![2021 apr 30 selfie atop ladder between tunnels](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_apr_30_selfie_atop_ladder_between_tunnels.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_apr_30_selfie_atop_ladder_between_tunnels.jpeg)

Back down the ladder looked a bit spooky and was totally fine.

[![2021 apr 30 back down the ladder](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_apr_30_back_down_the_ladder.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_apr_30_back_down_the_ladder.jpeg)

Looking back, I could just about see the name of the second tunnel

[![2021 apr 30 almost see the name of the second tunnel](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_apr_30_almost_see_the_name_of_the_second_tunnel.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_apr_30_almost_see_the_name_of_the_second_tunnel.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 30 exploring the area between tunnels](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_apr_30_exploring_the_area_between_tunnels.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_apr_30_exploring_the_area_between_tunnels.jpeg)
[![2021 apr 30 i wonder if there is something over there](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_apr_30_i_wonder_if_there_is_something_over_there.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_apr_30_i_wonder_if_there_is_something_over_there.jpeg)

These wall holders really intrigue me

[![2021 apr 30 looking at wall holder](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_apr_30_looking_at_wall_holder.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_apr_30_looking_at_wall_holder.jpeg)

Cool!  It opens up into a larger space..  including a ladder!

[![2021 apr 30 found the ladder back here](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_apr_30_found_the_ladder_back_here.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_apr_30_found_the_ladder_back_here.jpeg)


Duplicate pictures were also posted on May 3rd.  Future editor figure out what to do.


[![2021 may 02 outside the windowed tunnel between long tunnels](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_may_02_outside_the_windowed_tunnel_between_long_tunnels.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_may_02_outside_the_windowed_tunnel_between_long_tunnels.jpeg)

There must be a way to get up there

[![2021 may 02 exploring the area how do i get up there](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_may_02_exploring_the_area_how_do_i_get_up_there.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_may_02_exploring_the_area_how_do_i_get_up_there.jpeg)

Some of the wall anchors did not have covers; I didn't take a picture, but there were three cables inside.

[![2021 may 02 wondering about the anchors holding wall up](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_may_02_wondering_about_the_anchors_holding_wall_up.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_may_02_wondering_about_the_anchors_holding_wall_up.jpeg)

Yes!  I found a ladder around the corner

[![2021 may 02 found a ladder](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_may_02_found_a_ladder.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_may_02_found_a_ladder.jpeg)
[![2021 may 02 tunnel from top of ladder](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_may_02_tunnel_from_top_of_ladder.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_may_02_tunnel_from_top_of_ladder.jpeg)
[![2021 may 02 selfie from top of tunnel end](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_may_02_selfie_from_top_of_tunnel_end.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_may_02_selfie_from_top_of_tunnel_end.jpeg)
[![2021 may 02 trying to make out name of tunnel](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_may_02_trying_to_make_out_name_of_tunnel.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_may_02_trying_to_make_out_name_of_tunnel.jpeg)

Eventually time to go back down..

[![2021 may 02 back down ladder](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/thumbs/2021_may_02_back_down_ladder.jpeg)](//b.robnugen.com/quests/walk-to-niigata/2021/en_route/day-15/2021_may_02_back_down_ladder.jpeg)
