---
title: "2123 Relating to God"
tags: [ "2023", "book", "walk" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2022-09-10T08:45:29+09:00
aliases: [
    "/en/books/slow-down/2123-relating-to-god/",
]
draft: false
---

https://otter.ai/u/rI2he1V1HFWCka0q6gu0c1VtCfg

One of my friends said God couldn't have a personal interest in each
of us.

I countered this claim by talking about integers versus the
reals. There are a finite number of humans on the planet and ever in
existence. However, the real numbers are infinitely greater than each
and every of the integral numbers. Each and every integer

if God is infinite, God's not going to be the infinity of the ayliffe
No integers God's going to be infinite like de infinity infinity
infinities plus one of any infinity that humans could ever
articulate. Much less imagine

My friend is a mathematician. So he understood this description
probably better than I do, and said it gave him something to think
about

In my mind, it is a simple proof that God Of course, can pay attention
to each of us uniquely separately individually. Not like the small
number of relationships that a human can form but a literal, infinite
number of relationships, each in full Technicolor and care and
attention

In addition to this comma, keep saying comma, even though I'm in the
voice transcript, it doesn't work that way. In addition to this God
can trivially have an infinite number of relationships per person,
which has led me to addressing God as both daddy and mommy and brother
and friend, and employer and mentor and allowing me to sink into all
of these relationships, whether they be played out via humans, or
played out in my heart They've been helping me stay more focused on
moving in the right way. The most amazing thing for all of these is
this sense of gratitude, which I'm still kind of playing with the see
what it is or what it means, but somehow, gratitude seems to make
things better. That says simply as I can articulate it at this
point. It's like the, you know, Hurley days of magnetism or
something. It's like hot metal things are attracted to this lodestone
and you know, naming the the rock after the island where they were
first discovered. And it's like, huh joy in my life is attracted to
gratitude. I recently had some experiences, a few synchronicities in a
row while I was talking to my friend. Oh, actually, while I was
considering calling my friend who lives in Bondi Beach, I looked up
and saw a cafe, or it was like Bondi cafe. And this cafe is near my
station. But I had never seen it before. Now, granted, I didn't walk
this particular route very often. I went a long way so I could have
more privacy during another phone call. And yet, it's just an amazing,
interesting synchronicity. And I guarantee that I thought about
calling this person first before I saw the thing, and there's been
lots of physics, in science and different, whatever's saying that time
isn't what we think it is. And space isn't what we think it is and all
this stuff. And so I'm just kind of like, poking at the edges of what
anything might possibly be. And just seems the gratitude makes a
difference in the physical world. The This has nothing to do with the
synchronicity story, but like having the synchronicity I remind myself
to have gratitude. And it's just such an interesting cool thing. So I
have the you had this phone call with my friend in Sydney, or Bondi
Beach and then later while easiest way I can say like, well, having a
conversation about her, she texted me. And I was like, oh, that's also
pretty cool. Now, granted, it's not doesn't mean anything. In
particular, we had just been texting that days. So the odds are pretty
high that we would text again, but it was just at the same time that
actually someone else was talking about her so yeah, really, really
interesting. synchronicities happening. Is there a way to really tune
in to a higher power at all times? Is that what enlightenment looks
like? Or is that another description of enlightenment to simply be in
tune with spirit all the time I'm just kind of blabbing about it. But
it's just so interesting that my life goes better when I'm feeling
gratitude. And it's easier to feel gratitude when my life goes
better. And so, taking this to an extreme, so to speak, like this
feeling gratitude about everything I've heard phrases like imagine
everything is happening for me, instead of to me like things are
happening on my behalf including breaking my finger and I'm seeing all
the accidents I've had in my life but like, stitches are on my hands
or face or just whatever. And you're breaking bones. Or my back or my
head and your breakups being broken up by girlfriends or having to the
fights with with my wife just somehow, staying present to this idea
this is happening for me and expressing gratitude for the thing. Now,
I'm not always able to do that by any stretch, but when I can, it
helps. It helps me stay present. For example, when Lin and I are
having a fight helps me stay present. It helps me be able to recover,
so to speak much more quickly. It helps me be able to stay calm and
have it be able to help her stay calm as well. We went to a therapist
who talked about my tendency to be quiet if I'm under any kind of
duress, and Lynn's tendency to go under duress if she's feeling
isolated. So there would be this pattern happening that I would feel
that she's not listening to me or something to that would put me into
a bad state. So I would just shut up and the why would I talk? Why
should I talk if she's not gonna listen? And so then Lynn would feel
like I'm running away from her so she would get more anxious and more
talkative and are complaining and you know, and then therefore not
able to hear me. So this is a second little vicious cycle. And having
the awareness of that cycle, helps me a lot in recognizing how to let
go of it.

By not engaging or just be it by being aware. But taking that a step
further. Like having this cycle is for me, it's a gift. It's all for
my benefit that this has been happening in my life. And so I can say,
well, for example, you know, I get to know myself more or I get to
have more joy with Lynn, by getting out of that situation more
quickly. And I recognize that that's like saying that having the door
locked allows me to unlock the door, which in itself maybe isn't a
gift but yeah, just this whole kind of sense of gratitude makes a big
difference. Is very intriguing to me like what's the metaphysics of
gratitude? You know, why? Why would that be helpful and the YouTuber,
Teal Swan said something like, Don't you like it when people express
gratitude to you and it tend to do the to want to do that thing for
them more. She say, well, Spirit is the same way. And it's a funny way
to end throw from so the word anthropomorphize.

What is the word Anthro from worth pious. It's a great way to say God
is like a person which I just started this whole chapter by saying,
God's not like a person but

trying to say this word

the word pro in there doesn't make sense to me.

Interesting, but um, yeah. So describing that spirit likes to be
credit to be given gratitude. Say, Okay, fair enough. It's a good way
to, to think about it as a human. How actually correct is that what
does it mean? Is it like? Having gratitude vibrations around me,
attracts people who are also in gratitude and therefore more willing
to engage with me in a good way. That kind of makes sense, you know,
like, law of attraction kind of thing. And yet at the same time, I
don't need to figure it out. I can simply be grateful that I know the
secret so to speak. anthropomorphize. That's funny. That yeah, so I
can just use this knowledge or this this kind of skill, of being
grateful for all the things happening in in my life. continually
asking God to give me guidance and grateful for the guidance or, to me
being grateful for the guidance. Yeah, it's really, really
interesting.

I've also got this word how to say Anthro promotes oh, gosh, okay,
just pause one second. Okay, I'm glad I was right. It's not a pro
anthropomorphize. to ascribe human characteristics to something and
throw and throw. And for him that has the schwa
sound. anthropomorphize, anthropomorphize. So yeah. Gratitude
name. That's really really interesting.
