---
title: "synchronicities"
tags: [ "2023", "april", "book", "walk" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2023-04-28T08:36:08+09:00
EventDate: "2023-04-28T12:00:00+09:00"
aliases: [
    "/en/books/slow-down/2140-synchronicities",
]
draft: false
---

https://otter.ai/u/QG2zkdHK0sAna1SPqkygpL39OBU

It is 4:42am As I write this on Friday, April 28 2023.

I am waking up. Well, I was up at 4am with a realization that I want
to include recent synchronicities and a photograph of a recent page in
book 23 of my journal. The story is that I was in your Yogi park with
my basically Ultimate Frisbee plus picnic community. On a Sunday,
actually, it was this past Sunday so you can work out the date
everyone in the group went to the nearby Pride Parade. And I literally
said I'm not going to go and I don't know why. Then I sat down to
write in my journal and hadn't gotten past about three or four lines
of basically, what I always write these days is dear god thank you for
and I go into a litany of gratitude. And I heard someone call my name
and it was my friend Nidhi. And I was like, Oh, this is why I didn't
go to the Pride festival. So nobody said down with me for a while and
introduced her friend. And we were just having a chat. And things were
really beautiful and sweet. And just a lot of gratitude in the moment

and what's really amazing to me right now, is that okay, I remember
the order. So she and her friend came up. And you know, hello,
hello. And I brought my tarp over and we sat down the tarp. And we
were doing small chitchat, and then her friend left and I got to just
chill out with just me and he told her about the Cuddle Party events
actually told them both about Cuddle Party and I lay down to basically
relax in the sun and wanted to to connect physically so I just held
that his hand and just listening to her recent stories. is a really
beautiful connection. My friend Mike came back after I texted the line
group, and was like, Oh, hey, done. Now I know why I didn't go. And I
don't know if he got that but he came back and we were all talking a
bit. And while they were talking, I noticed a guy cross away plane or
throwing frisbee with his friend and throwing his disc very well like
forehand and backhand and I was like, Oh, that's interesting. So said,
Hey, Mike, that guy can throw. And he's like, over there. And I was
like, No. And then the D was like, yeah, go over there. So we both or
I went over first. We both went over and started playing disc. And
nobody left after a while. And we ended up creating another quick game
of ultimate with some other people who were in picnic blankets around
and there was a point that like, threw the disk to me and I caught
it. I had to go in between two picnic blankets to catch it. And
basically, we 98% of the time we can throw well enough and we never
hit anybody but there are there are times that people have gotten
interrupted by the Frisbee, hitting their blankets or whatever. And
this was a case of I went in between blanket standing up and caught
the disc and it was all fine. And the people in front of me or like
and I said I'm sorry and the person behind them or behind me said oh
yeah, me too. And I also greeted her I said thank you and sorry. And
we continued playing. Then after the game ended i We packed up was
heading out and sat down. Well, sorry I jumped a bit. I talked to the
woman who was sitting behind me as I caught that Frisbee. And she
invited me to sit down. So I did and I felt really blessed. I'm not
sure how to transition to this story but basically within 30 minutes
she was crying telling me how she had been like locked herself in her
room for the past couple of months basically after losing her job and
being really depressed about life etc. And I basically just hugging
her and said, Thank you for coming outside. You and we had a nice talk
for easily 30 minutes. But the main point of the story is that through
all these different connections and continually trying to do the right
thing. This is my version of the bracelets. Today, we had the phrase
like what would Jesus do? And I really like tuning in each moment
regularly. How How may I serve you higher power a god what can I do?
And so the examples like don't go to the pride parade that oh, here's
Nidhi go go play Frisbee. No. Okay. So frisbee was fine. I don't think
it'll register on their lives very much, but being there I met this
woman on the blanket. And I think it will register in her life after
sitting down with her, but I wouldn't likely have done that. Had that
frisbee not gone to the to that corner. Of the field of our field. And
in also just the little things and just really appreciating the
synchronicities and gratitude for the chance to to support another
human being on this journey and really encouraging you, dear reader
just to sit. Think about recent positive things that have happened in
your life. If you're reading this book I imagine you're on the right
track. I've been putting this book together since gosh, I guess it
would be since late 2021 ages in internet time. And it's okay. We're
just putting a bow together. So if you want to meditate, think you
should meditate forget to meditate. Just come back to it. It becomes a
continuous meditation Dear god, what's the next right move? And then
get caught up in the mind and forget about it and oh yeah. Ask
again. Ask again. At 4am I woke up with the intention to relay this
story into my book and got a bit sidetracked with email and I start at
around 445 I've been reading this into a voice transcription thing

received an email in about 2015 from my friend who I'll call David I'm
laughing now. Because that's his name. And he gave us his Ayahuasca
trip report. I say us I mean he a few guys from the Tokyo men's group
at that point. And in later emails, he said the email was meant just
for us three, but I'm going to relay one line that he said which has
really stuck with me actually two lines. The first line was the spirit
world is real. Full stop. And the other line which I can't find right
now is maybe a false memory but saying he's been taking more time to
enjoy the small moments. For example, in my example is like petting
our cat Jenny. Last night on the way to bed, it was about 11pm and
Jenny was sitting outside my basically the bedroom when I came back
from the shower and stuff and so I just sat down with Jenny and pet
her and tell him let her know she's like purring and you have claiming
me as her property by rubbing her head on my hands and then just made
the intention to pet her until she was done until she walked away. It
took about five minutes totally fine without like oh cat I need to go
to bed blah blah blah. None of that. Just be here with Jenny. And I
knew she would get her Phil after a while and then came into
bed. Basically slept five hours and was like being 4am I'm awake. I
need to relate the story into my book. As of this moment, it's 4:56am
on Friday, April 28 2023. And I have a call in one hour and I could
probably get this copied over to my journal in that amount. of
time. But first I'm going to simply sit here and meditate and ask God
what's the next right step?

And I'm letting this recording go on. Until then. Because I paid for
like 4000 minutes per month.

Just sitting here now Jenny is on the bed and petting her

feeling a little bit cold so I'm gonna go put on my shirt

and slept in underwear only less than

one thing I don't know if that was the other thing Okay, here we
go. So last year what was like early 2022 Oh, we're coming up on my
oops that was my glasses.

Last year in 2022 I participated in Facebook. Well, not
Facebook. Okay, I'm gonna get down to the important bits

she'll tell you what's important

okay, it's open

for a long time I've been plagued with this. Like idea of creating my
own business. Just one second.

Okay, to unplug my earplugs or your phone. I'm still using a wired
headset. I'm an old man. What's going to do? What am I going to do? So
I met what's her name? Ashley woman it goes by Ashley Moon through
this. Like I forgot where we found it. But basically some kind of a
challenge to put together a workshop. Oh, it was probably through. Oh
gosh, I don't remember anyway. We put together a workshop and hers was
related to Clean up, clean up your inner life and I think it had the
key word related to Asha Akashic records and this is also something
that is interesting for me. So I attended her workshop and through
that joined her community and the time zones were were messy but She's
based in California. It was through Ashley that I learned about the 12
step program under earners anonymous. Which is exactly like designed
for like I it fits me exactly. was to put it that way. And when Yes,
so yes, it is during that same conversation was actually a podcast. I
might find the podcast I hate don't even Yeah, blah, blah, blah. So
she mentioned under earners anonymous. Doing a podcast with a woman
who was also talking about tithing and it was like how to get your
correct money mindset. And so she's talking about tithing and saying
that tithing is a way of telling higher power, what I think is
important. And I was like oh, so what's new, basically voting with
your wallet and your voting to higher power, and you know, what's
worthy of support? And I was like, Oh, that makes sense. And then I
don't know if she said this part Exactly. But tithing tells me or
tells you, if it's all one, but it's basically saying, I have enough
money. enough that I can give some of it away. And this thing is
important. So I immediately started tithing. 10% of my income, and I
have been since that time and I've had instances of like sending out
$10 via PayPal, and literally, that day receiving 1000 in cash in your
Yogi Park. And just was like, oh, that's that's interesting. You know,
so just enjoying this opening of the my connection to higher power via
that podcast. Both tithing and the under, under, under earners
anonymous, which is how I got onto this, like, connection with higher
power. And so let me just roll this on forward. To the the next little
bit that there are a countable number of humans who have ever existed
in the sea, let's say on Earth. And if if we take it for granted that
God is infinite, for for the perspective of this universe, for
example. Then there's enough from God to go around for each individual
human. It's like the integers versus the reals to get mathematical. Ai
through it with you via damn sight. I'm going to get mathematical
one. Yeah, keep it peace. For now.

I'm just smiling. It's very entertaining to me to think that some of
you may well hear this audio i out all of it verbatim into the
book. Thank you for listening. You can email me, Rob at Rob
nugen.com. And if you quote anything from Pulp Fiction, I'll be sure
to know to to reply. Soon so. Humans are countable, God is
infinite. And that's my mathematical proof. That I can this is from
like my friend Marcel who introduced this idea that he said God has,
he said, God fiercely loves each one of us. Uniquely, uniquely, and he
used the word fiercely in there. But it's like, oh, yeah, that makes a
lot of sense. If I think about it in terms of the integers versus the
reals.

Right now I'm standing, come back to my present moment. I'm standing
in front of my altar space. Where just as a little Yeah, this is
capturing a moment in time. I've got on the left a container a
cardboard, round cardboard box that contains contained my iris go Cup,
which has a large rotatable top to open like a camera lens. It can
open up the entire top of the cup, and when it's closed, it will. It's
waterproof. Waterproof and leak proof and so it can be tossed into a
bag it's a it's a very cool design. And I I bought two of them one for
Lin one for me, haven't really used them, but they've definitely cool
design. And so I use the container as a savings like a piggy bank. I
cut a hole in the top and I happen to remember I'm curious to check
now. That top I believe says May 11. No says May 22. That's right. I'm
just checking right now. Yeah, 22nd of May 22 of May 2022. I can hear
that's money shakin in there. I've been putting 100 yen at least per
day into this container. And because I have a countable number of 100
yen coins at any given moment I've been just stacking the 100 yen
coins on top and then putting that like 1000 yen note into the thing
and taking the coins back off and blah blah blah. Recycling the coins
on my altar here. So on my altar, I have a little this is now
definitely not for the book but let's see. I have my plastic plate
that I bought in United States back when I took the training with John
and Rhonda gone. Shadow Work facilitator training, basic training I
was doing I was aware of like the value of lighting a candle to
connect with spirit. What some people call candle magic. And so I
bought this plate as a candle holder. And I think I have the date on
the bottom of the plate but I wrote much later, but oh no, no, no, no,
no, I wrote it on that day, five October 2019. And later I wrote mid
2022 Something something I can't read it right now. But anyway, so
October 5 2019 I bought this plate and I had a candle on it. And I
just wanted to bless the universe, my universe at that time with the
we weren't living in a house with I guess for for other attendees of
the training and yeah, so I've kept this plate since that time, I have
tweaked four corners of the plate by kind of grinding them down with a
like, what is it my dremel tool they got from my dad a long time
ago. And I hate super glued some dirt to these four corners. So when I
put coins on the on these four points, they'll kind of stay in place
because anytime it was they would get bumped it would slide down to
the middle of the plate. But for the design, this part is for the
book. I have a theory. It is based on God lives in me as me God was
God resides in me and what was always that word he used it's probably
a translation anyway. Dwell. I think this is a quote from Stanislav
Grof, who was quoting a man who apparently was killed for saying this
guy God dwells in me as me. Okay, well if that's true, then when I
make an altar or gussy up something to be for God, it's also for
myself. And so I've set up this altar to be visually interesting. To
me, as well as the higher power so I have a coin in four corners and
then a little have another another dish now on top of the plastic
plate because the plastic plate ended up with some burn marks. From
candles. And what else was it? Yeah, it was I guess, because to candle
and so I have another smaller dish that I got from the blue or cafe
blue, near. He's a mean Tamagawa station. Let's see how that gets
transcribed. It says he's Amin Tamagawa station. So zoomy is spelled
Izu. Am I so near Izumi Tamagawa to hers, under actuate. That station
there's a cafe called Cafe blue under the train lines near the station
anyway I digress. While there one time there was a workshop put on by
a woman whose name I have forgotten. And we basically learned a
technique for repairing old pottery that had become chipped and
actually beautifying it so we basically put some more paste that dries
out and then glue no non glue paint that paste with a gold paint. And
so then the gold paint, kind of both highlights and augments the crack
and so makes the cracks become beautiful. And so I have this little
dish that has a couple of painted bits on it that I've been using to
hold a candle that I light each day and then rotate the coins around
the one coin is at the front of the candle take that coin put it onto
the cardboard container to be saved. Move a coin from the front left
to the middle from the back right to the front left. And then pull the
coin from the like. Altar around the plate into the back write, for
example. And then the next day do the other two coins. So the idea is
that the coins get to hang out near the candle each day on both sides
of it and it's just a little process and I've got a load of little
candle holders from a certain brand shop is from Sweden. And thing is
from Sweden and I've been trying to recycle these little tins and I'm
considering using them as parts for my panda ear plant and I have I
have some soil that

I bought at 100 yen shop after talking to a woman had owner of a plant
store like how to take care of this plant. The panda ear plant named
Alex who I have received from Connor who lives next to so ness and
Chica Saki. So that was 11 years ago now. And oh gosh, what's the
point of this story now? Now I know why all men considered rambling
bla bla bla. So the point of this story is to slow down I have an
altar with coins. I've been saving 100 yen per day about to cough

got some water I've been saving 100 gallons per day since 22nd of May
2022.

And that was 11 days after finding the under earners anonymous program
just was probably the day that I heard it on that podcast by
Ashley. So my intention on May 22 2023, which is now in about three
weeks from now. What it looks like

I haven't consumed water this morning. So let's go for it. So Ashley
would talk about seed trunk tree so it's.

Basically Ashley would talk about taking care of the self by starting
with the seed. What does the physical body need? Right now? In this
case, water once the physical body has been taken care of we can think
about the local environment. Like I'm standing in my room which
including the altar is quite chaotic. I've got I was I was I was
enumerating the things on my altar. So let me finish that 24689 1011
1213 1419 20 There's 20 empty dishes from different from candles that
I've been buying. Lin has been actually buying them but from IKEA and
I have been taking the candles out of the tins so that it's a clean of
wax. They have a little bit of glue in the bottom that folds and holds
them in taking the label off of there. And then I intend to use the
tins to plant plants. That's an awesome room. I intend to use the tins
to plant some plants. And then I'm going to give them to my friend
Lance. I don't currently have any friends named Lance, but I do have
some plants. So I want to create little planters out of some of these
candle tins. Some of the 10s have dates on them, because each time I
get a new package of them I've been putting right choosing one and
putting the date on it. I have as far back as October. So right yes as
mid October 2022 on one of them that have not yet burned. I had to dip
into my backlog. of data tins and I used looks like February 2023 and
January 2023. So right now I'm unloading and little pack of candles
that Lynn got from IKEA and expressing my gratitude to her for the
support of my altar and I so I told you a number of TINs that I had
and I just added 24 candles to the lower shelf. And let me just do it
in real time here. Selecting a candle taking it out of its 10 to the
tin is basically clean. For fun been removing the little blob of
candle wax not candle wax of glue which is the same color as the
handle wax but does not melt at that same temperature feeling the
physicality of the candle to represent the connection to the physical
world. Feeling the oils from the candle and from my skin combined it's
now 5:24am On Friday, April 20 the world as a 28 I think the oils
representing the etheric world and so tune in and drop down God thank
you for this opportunity to share

thank you for guiding me God

Please, God, thank you for blessing, Ashley blessing Lynn blessing the
listener of this audio now.

Slowing down

helps me stay in tune with you God thank you God for allowing me to
slow down

please help me to hear your guidance for me God thank you for helping
me serve the world around me via your will. Thank you for increasing
my capacity to shine your light in the world God this is actually
written on the altar was a thing behind the altar of God come up
please increase my capacity to shine your light. God thank you for
allowing me to serve thank you for guiding me in a good way

today is a beautiful day

my life is filled with abundance

only good things lie ahead of me

God thank you for residing inside me, guiding me per your will.

may I serve you God you are my employer. You are my friend. You are my
lover. You are my brother. You are my mom or my dad you're my sister
you're my light

thank you for guiding me

thank you for guiding me. So that was a bit of a long version kind of
for this recording now but the intention is is the same each time that
I'm here to serve and I'm grateful for God's guidance in my in my
life. actually talked about waking up snow actually talked about the
taking care of the seed first being the physical body. And so my
version of that is like, for example, go to the restroom. And so I
woke up this morning and say oh, I need to pee and so by listening to
my body I'm it's it's like that's the next right thing for me to do is
to go pee and it's like this is God's will for me. My current life
purpose is literally to pee and once I've peed I can do the next right
thing. Oh, drink some water. And so I woke up this morning at 4am
gotta go pee in a write in my book, which I'm doing now. blahdy blahdy
blah And this whole thing. Just really kind of hanging out with higher
power and expressing gratitude for the guidance in my life

I have a call with my friend Klaus in 30 minutes. And I my intention
right now is to not keep this recording going at that time because
basically we are both in the counseling industry. He's literally a
counselor. I think even a psychologist and maybe psychiatrist I'm not
sure. But we hold space for each other. So I'm not going to record
this not gonna record that with this or anything else that matter and
lighting the stick of incense right now and holding it with the What's
this called? Like? Reverse tweezers they force this forceps they stay
closed. Oh is the word force and forceps. The forces closed had to
squeeze them to open them basically. So I got these to work with my
marble track, which is marble track three behind me. And there's no
holding incense on my altar. And okay, here's the final bit I'll close
this this chapter. I have the cardboard to from May 22 that has had at
least 100 yen per day go into it. So 100 times 360 So it'll have your
36,000 yen minimum in it on May 22 2023. Counting right now I have
three 500 yen coins 246-810-1214 1618 1900 yen coins plus here right
now 246-810-1213 So what is that 3200 yen coins and so having just
listed out those that's what's on my altar right now and then there's
there's also some the incense sticks and some what's the word? Oils
essential oils in little glass capsules. I'm placing back on to the
altar 100 Getting coins that I took off of the cardboard container and
put them in putting them in the back of the lines and I'll slowly
bring them to the front and Miss running this whole little cycle and
putting off taking off my altar. The two Oh no, I'll leave these
here. I'll take from my wallet for 1000 note and put that into the
cardboard container. And so yeah, life keeps rolling on. My intention
today is to okay right now. I'm going to let this transcription get
finished in all create an entry for this on my site. I've just tucked
the 1000 yen note into the cardboard container. There's no 700 yen on
top including a 500 Yuan coin. So yeah, if you've made it to the end
of this there's no special prize except for you. You are here. As you
God dwells in you as you. God dwells in me as me. And at the end of
the proverbial day, we are all one. I think rom das said we are all
just carrying each other home thank you for helping me move towards
the light and I'm speaking to you listener as part of God. Thank you
for helping me move toward God's light

it's with the intention of supporting this book and there before the
reader supported myself Okay, I'm gonna go jump on the call with Klaus
and little bit and have this transcription added to the book. It said
Rob nugen.com/he In slash books slash slow hyphen down. I'm curious if
that URL exists into the future. I it's my intention that it will as
long as I'm alive. Rob nugen.com/en For English slash books slash slow
hyphen, down. How do you spell underscore? U nd er underscore SC o r e
hyphen is a single character. Okay. Talk to you later. Be well. Have a
beautiful day. Create a beautiful day with your gratitude
