---
title: "2170 Why is this book called Slow Down?"
tags: [ "2023", "book", "down", "may", "otter", "slow", "title" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2023-05-02T12:16:23+09:00
aliases: [
    "/en/books/slow-down/2170-why-is-this-book-called-slow-down-",
]
draft: false
---

https://otter.ai/u/DmZwfg4ZUQgQkUPoMAJupAhccdc

How did this book get its name? I came to Japan in 2003 On leaving
Texas on Collins birthday and

before I came to Japan, though I decided I should see my own country
first and drove I think 5000 miles from Texas basically through
Arkansas, Louisiana. Can turkey or watches First Tennessee, Kentucky
for Jigna West Virginia. Up and over Ohio, Illinois Missouri,
Oklahoma, back down in Texas. And then from Texas to out west to New
Mexico, Arizona, California. Or again and then back down same same
country or same states, California, Arizona, New Mexico and back. I
was in a huge rush and I had no money and so it didn't really get my
Santa self a chance to chill out. I saw hot springs in Arkansas and it
was okay. But I for example did not go to Sandusky, Ohio. Park I drove
right by Cedar Point and didn't go it was closed. But why didn't I
chill out for a day? Why didn't I just park at the gate you know I I
didn't really have the resources or hadn't really planned and it was
all kind of go by you trying to get to the next location I did stay a
few places and you know keep it PG here. And

those were just things that happen to be possible places that that
we're welcoming people who are welcoming and I'm forever grateful

I wasn't welcoming to myself. I didn't have my I didn't have enough
resources. I stopped by Maggie's mom's house just because I know
Maggie, my best friend from university. I knew her very well. I knew
of her mom. Very well, had never met her mom. And I basically showed
up and had to borrow money from her to fix my bicycle, which had been
damaged with a car bumping me from behind bent the wheel vent the disc
brake was like $100 worth of damage because a disc brake itself was
like 80 bucks or something to replace it her mom called the bike shop
and say how much is it to fix a wheel and they said $20 She didn't
know to ask about the disc brake as well. So she called her daughter
like, Hey, this guy stole money from me just letting you know. Hard
you know he was so I don't know what she said. But yeah, it's really
something that troubles well. I felt bad when I realized what had
happened. And foolish they hadn't. There's so many different ways to
look at it. I didn't have the money. And here's the point kind of I
assumed she would have the money and that was a poor assumption. Out
of poor not but it was potentially not correct. A presumptuous
assumption.

So I want to expand this chapter a bit more. But ironically, I have a
call in a few minutes and

yeah, I'd like to have a copy of the call coming up because we're
gonna share some stories. I wonder if we can use Zoom

so there you have it. This time the book is titled slow down because I
was in a rush to drive around the US. And then when I got into Japan
peace boat was amazing, but like kind of rushing around again. Not
enough money. And that's my fault, not piece boats fault. And then I
rode my bicycle around Japan slowed down a little bit. But still it
was fast and furious and broke my shoulder

then I walked across Japan

depends on who you talk to but like bicycling or walking. Those are
about the right speed. Human speeds these human powered speeds and
yeah, maybe this chapter is about that. Not using resources to go
faster. But using your own inner power to go the speed that is best
for you. I'm guessing it's a lot slower than driving car or airplane
rocket ship. It allows me to control my data shy

mom say goodbye to her daughter. Yeah, so

having the control or insight or the ability to stop in a moment's
notice when God speaks to me, maybe that's the point here. To be able
to slow down and hear higher power. Take time to look at a flower or
pet my cat Jenny whose little bell I hear right now. Just really being
really being present in the moment. That's the meaning of this book
title. Thank you for reading. Talk to you soon. Have a great day. Be
well
