I, I walked across home shoe last year, I remember and in prepare ation for that. I told some of my friends well, like, Hey, if you if you spend $100 I'll send you a copy of my book after I write it after the Oh, yes, yes, of course. It's like shit. Now I have to write a book, what was I thinking? I should just said, I'll send you a postcard. Because the postcard was 30 bucks. And the book is 100. Fuck. So they have the title, like the title is slow down. The title, the the concept. I know I'm not telling you anything, but just kind of get it out for myself, like, be in the moment. Notice the world around me. Barefoot gives me a sensation of like, oh, I have feet. Oh, I have a physical body. Oh, I have a connection to the other worlds and stuff. And in my way of thinking that that's like, one blog entry. But how does one get the book out of that, like, totally has power of now like in a whole tome about being here now.


yeah, so, I mean, I did a lot of preparation, I can talk about how I prepared to walk across the country and what was useful, what was not. I have several interesting anecdotes and pictures to back it up. So that's good. I don't, I was just a travel log. And so I'm like, Ah, you know, what is the book that I'm writing

also put in you know, your your self reflections. As you're, as you're walking, like, can make it a meditation and reflecting on your life, your relationship to America to Japan, right? You know, and to a third culture, your Chinese wife.

Yeah, yeah. So yeah.yeah, the reflections on culture is a good idea. I was often intrigued by small things that I found like the bridge with 800 coats of paint that but you can still kind of read the declaration for the bridge and whatever that was, and, and, like the Haikyo, the abandoned buildings, we found like in the mid midway through the country, like a hotel with the door open and leaves blown into the lobby of the hotel, right on the side of the highway.

You said we walk with somebody

I did. For part of the trip, he joined me for about half of the days that I was there. And next time I'll just do it alone because it added a lot of stress for me in some ways, though, he did help carry my bag when we went over one mountain so that was very very helpful to pray for for that. But we were otherwise on different schedules in a way he he was walking ahead and I was like, lollygagging behind taking pictures of everything. And and then when like trying to like meet up by Where are you going to say where am I gonna say kind of thing I had all my life patients laid out like Single, single, single, single the whole almost a whole way through. And I was able to add him a couple of times, but not every time. And so, but it was fine. But the thing is, his English wasn't that good. He speaks Chinese and Japanese. And I don't speak those much. But yeah, we did see a lot of cool shit, long away mess, meet people and walking through tunnels with trucks I knew driving by spooky as hell. And the coolest part was a tunnel that we went through and saw windows in the middle of the tunnel. And I thought they were lights at first and then I was like, looking through trying to see what's out there, this is all like dirty with like, cuz it's outside on the other side of the tunnel. And then I gave up trying to look to the window, walk about 10 more meters, and there's a giant four meter by four meter door that it's like an exit, it was like basically a road connecting into this valley have to mount to small mountains. And the road just came down as I connect them to the tunnel. Because those windows used to be nothing. And it was just like two mountains like this, and the road went by, and then they covered it up to connect to tunnels, except there's still a road there. So it was really amazing to be like, Wow, and then walk outside into this like, Winter Wonderland type of, you know, we could camp here for months, and no one would know, kind of thing even though they're driving by, you know, 1010 feet away. And played around for an hour, like trying to climb up on top of the tunnel itself to take pictures and stuff and hopefully not die, because wasn't that safe. But you know, since fun worth it as like a fun adventure. It was it was great. And so these moments were unpredictable, and completely not really explainable, you know, when you're just hearing it. So I know, you know, that kind of experiences. I know, some of the stories that you've told me. And then the other one that I love.

We're walking underneath a roof, it's like they call it a snow shed of the snow come down the mountain will not just hit the highway directly. And as we're walking along in the middle of basically nowhere, there's suddenly a ladder to go up on top of the roof. Now like no one can see me literally no one can see me because on the highway, there's a bunch of columns, so that even if they looked over, they would see me for like a millisecond as their car drove by. So I climbed the ladder. And for some kind of annoying reason, my my friend Jason, son, Jason, Jason. So in Japanese, he uses Jason anyways, but son in Chinese song soon, so he wouldn't climb it. I'm like, why the fuck wouldn't you climb the ladder? Come on, you know. So I didn't say anything. But I just said that he missed. There was his array of truck tires, that were two levels deep to catch the snow that was coming down sit to as a little bit of a snow buffer basically. And so I was barefoot, running long on these tires, and I wanted a photographer to video me like, Hey, I'm on the tires and everything, but he wouldn't come up. So I just have first person video of me along these tires, and trying not trying to step on the rubber and not the like the blow out wires and ships sticking out of the tires. I could just like stab my foot on one of those wires if I wasn't careful, all rusty and everything but everything fine. No injuries is a wonderful experience. It's like wow, an array of tires just for me. You know, something I would pay 2000 yen at a game center to be able to play on for an hour. It's just there on top of the road. So awesome. So yeah, lots of experiences like that.
