content/events/2025/04/27cuddle-party-communication-workshop.en.md, before:

---
title: "Cuddle Party Communication Workshop"
tags: [ "2025", "Barefoot Rob", "adelaide", "april", "communication", "consent", "crafers", "cuddle-party", "mindful-impact", "pizza", "platonic touch", "workshop", "裸足のロブ" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2025-02-23T11:43:26+10:30
EventLocation: "Mindful Impact (Crafers)"
EventTime: "13:00"
TimeDescription: "gather by 12:50 at Mindful Impact (Crafers)"
EventDate: "2025-04-27T13:00:00+10:30"
EventType: "Cuddle Party"
aliases: [
    "/en/events/2025/04/27cuddle-party-communication-workshop",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2023/cuddle_party_seated_circle.jpg" "cuddle party seated circle" %}}

<div class="note">Image credit:
<a href="https://cuddleparty.com/">https://cuddleparty.com/</a>
</div>

#### What is a Cuddle Party?

A Cuddle Party is a non-sexual social event
where participants practice communication and
optionally explore platonic touch.
Attendees practice setting clear boundaries,
communicating their desires, and
respecting each others' limits in a safe space.

Cuddle Parties provide an opportunity for nurturing,
platonic touch and intimacy, which supports well-being
and balanced emotions.

While sexual activity is prohibited at Cuddle Parties,
some light touching like hugs, caresses, and
snuggling is allowed between consenting attendees of all genders.  LGBTIQ+ friendly!

[![cuddle party hands](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2023/thumbs/cuddle_party_hands.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2023/cuddle_party_hands.jpg)
[![cuddle party spooning](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2023/thumbs/cuddle_party_spooning.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2023/cuddle_party_spooning.jpg)

<div class="note">Images credit:
<a href="https://cuddleparty.com/">https://cuddleparty.com/</a>
</div>

At a Cuddle Party, physical contact is optional.
The primary goals of a Cuddle Party are to practice
exploring consent and communication with others.

#### RSVP on Humanitix

https://events.humanitix.com/cuddle-party-communication-workshop

#### What do we do at a Cuddle Party?

We do two main things at Cuddle Parties:

1. Practice consent.<br>
  A key part of Cuddle Parties is learning
  how to communicate your desires and
  how to respect others' requests.
2. Consensual platonic touch.<br>
  Optionally experience and appreciate
  caring touch from other like-minded people.

We’ll start with an Welcome Circle to get us settled.
We’ll then go through the rules of Cuddle Party
in a mini communication workshop, allowing participants
to practice inner awareness and clear expression of boundaries.

After the communication workshop,
we'll have 2 hours of Self-Directed Connection

    Now it is time for you to ask for what you want, say yes and no to
    requests and invitations, cuddle according to your desires and comfort
    (or just talk if you prefer), connect with fascinating people,
    "cuddle mingle," and, ultimately, relax into the flow of an unusually
    playful and respectful social environment.

    Some participants cuddle in groups, others one-on-one,
    while some like to talk and not cuddle for a time, or not at all.
    Cuddling can mean feet against feet, full-body hugs, head-rubs,
    spooning — it is, indeed, up to you.
    And, configurations and positions shift significantly
    throughout the event, thanks in part to Rule 6:
    You are encouraged to change your mind.

    from: https://cuddleparty.com/what-is-a-cuddle-party/

We'll finish with a closing circle to reflect on our experience.

#### Benefits

* "allow your inner child to play and express and receive love through the power of touch."
* "I felt I received a lot of healing from receiving and giving affection and touch."
* Reduce Stress and Anxiety
* Boost Mood and Emotional Resilience
* Support Healing from Touch Deprivation
* Enhance Emotional Awareness and Self-Expression
* Practice Clear and Respectful Boundaries
* Increase Comfort with Asking and Declining
* Promote Non-Verbal Communication Awareness
* Build a Sense of Community
* Encourage Authenticity and Vulnerability
* Provide a Safe Space for Intimacy (without Sex)
* Develop Confidence in Setting Boundaries
* Increase Comfort with Physical Affection in Friendships
* Encourage a Lighthearted, Playful Atmosphere
* Unplug from Screens and Social Media

#### Who Might Benefit the Most?

* People who feel touch-deprived or lonely.
* Those looking to practice setting and respecting boundaries.
* Individuals recovering from past relationship challenges.
* Anyone wanting to increase their emotional intelligence and communication skills.
* People seeking a supportive, community-oriented space.

<img
src="https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2023/cuddle_party_circle.jpg"
alt="cuddle party circle"
class="title" />
<div class="note">Image credit:
<a href="https://cuddleparty.com/">https://cuddleparty.com/</a>
</div>

#### Testimonials

<div>

    It was a great event. Thank you so much.
    Hope more and more people will join the event.
    For us Japanese, we don't communicate that much by hugging,
    but I think people need it. Hugging helps people a lot to be feeling safe.
    It was a great workshop.

    ー Lily

</div>
<div>

    Rob, you are fantastic.
    There really should be more events like this,
    which have great potential to heal this broken world.
    Our society would be so much better if we learned
    this type of communication at school instead of things
    like algebra and geometry that most of us never use and
    forget as soon as the course is over.

    ー Andy Boerger

</div>
<div>

    Rob definitely created a safe space for strangers
    coming together at a Cuddle Party to connect with
    one another in a warm, confident, fun, playful and
    loving way. He was able to demonstrate very quickly
    how to use curiousity to explore play and touch in
    an intimate yet platonic setting.
    I had such a fun time, it was beyond my expectation
    of what a Cuddle Party is in my mind. I felt I received
    a lot of healing from receiving and giving affection
    and touch. It was fun to connect with the other
    participants as well.
    I highly recommend this experience to anyone
    who is looking for connection, willing to allow
    their inner child to play and express and receive
    love through the power of touch.
    I definitely will be coming back again!

    ー Jess X Goh

</div>

#### When

Sunday 27 April 2025

Please arrive between 12:45 and 12:50
so we can be settled and start our Welcome Circle at 13:00.

#### Where

Mindful Impact Wellness Hub in Crafers

https://mindfulimpact.com.au/studio

#### Tickets

* $55 for 1 person
* $100 for 2 people

RSVP on Humanitix https://events.humanitix.com/cuddle-party-communication-workshop

#### Includes

Vegan pizza from Crafers Pizza Bar

#### Please Bring

* a pillow or two
* comfortable clothes (modest pyjamas)

#### Arrive On Time

Once we begin the Welcome Circle and orientation, sorry, we can let no one enter late. This creates comfort and safety by knowing that everyone is on the same page about rules and expectations.

#### Fine print

Must be 18+ to attend.
<br>This is a sober event - do not attend under the influence.

CANCELLATION:
<br>Tickets are nonrefundable if you cancel or no-show, but credit for future events
will be provided for cancellations up until the day of the event.
You will receive a refund if you attend the Welcome Circle
and decide to leave before the cuddle portion of the event.

#### Your Facilitator, Rob Nugen

I help ambitious men to discover their gold on a journey into the divine masculine. I guide men who feel overwhelmed by their past and "traditional" masculinity to break away from their inner demons of self-defeat and shame through transformative shadow work, space holding and circle work.

I am a TedX speaker, barefoot walker for over 20 years, trained and run men circles with ManKind Project since 2015. I made a powerful decision to release myself from a 12 year marriage that had become untenable. Now I'm with my dream woman who matches my values and offers the love I desire.

Commit message:

Fix up Cuddle Party deets

content/events/2025/04/27cuddle-party-communication-workshop.en.md, after:

---
title: "Cuddle Party Communication Workshop"
tags: [ "2025", "Barefoot Rob", "adelaide", "april", "communication", "consent", "crafers", "cuddle-party", "mindful-impact", "pizza", "platonic touch", "workshop", "裸足のロブ" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2025-02-23T11:43:26+10:30
EventLocation: "Mindful Impact (Crafers)"
EventTime: "13:00"
TimeDescription: "gather by 12:50 at Mindful Impact (Crafers)"
EventDate: "2025-04-27T13:00:00+10:30"
EventType: "Cuddle Party"
aliases: [
    "/en/events/2025/04/27cuddle-party-communication-workshop",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2023/cuddle_party_seated_circle.jpg" "cuddle party seated circle" %}}

<div class="note">Image credit:
<a href="https://cuddleparty.com/">https://cuddleparty.com/</a>
</div>

#### What is a Cuddle Party?

A Cuddle Party is a non-sexual social event
where participants practice communication and
optionally explore platonic touch.
Attendees practice setting clear boundaries,
communicating their desires, and
respecting each others' limits in a safe space.

Cuddle Parties provide an opportunity for nurturing,
platonic touch and intimacy, which supports well-being
and balanced emotions.

While sexual activity is prohibited at Cuddle Parties,
some light touching like hugs, caresses, and
snuggling is allowed between consenting attendees of all genders.  LGBTIQ+ friendly!

[![cuddle party hands](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2023/thumbs/cuddle_party_hands.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2023/cuddle_party_hands.jpg)
[![cuddle party spooning](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2023/thumbs/cuddle_party_spooning.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2023/cuddle_party_spooning.jpg)

<div class="note">Images credit:
<a href="https://cuddleparty.com/">https://cuddleparty.com/</a>
</div>

At a Cuddle Party, physical contact is optional.
The primary goals of a Cuddle Party are to practice
exploring consent and communication with others.

#### RSVP on Humanitix

https://events.humanitix.com/cuddle-party-communication-workshop

#### What do we do at a Cuddle Party?

We do two main things at Cuddle Parties:

1. Practice consent.<br>
  A key part of Cuddle Parties is learning
  how to communicate your desires and
  how to respect others' requests.
2. Consensual platonic touch.<br>
  Optionally experience and appreciate
  caring touch from other like-minded people.

We’ll start with an Welcome Circle to get us settled.
We’ll then go through the rules of Cuddle Party
in a mini communication workshop, allowing participants
to practice inner awareness and clear expression of boundaries.

After the communication workshop,
we'll have 2 hours of Self-Directed Connection

    Now it is time for you to ask for what you want, say yes and no to
    requests and invitations, cuddle according to your desires and comfort
    (or just talk if you prefer), connect with fascinating people,
    "cuddle mingle," and, ultimately, relax into the flow of an unusually
    playful and respectful social environment.

    Some participants cuddle in groups, others one-on-one,
    while some like to talk and not cuddle for a time, or not at all.
    Cuddling can mean feet against feet, full-body hugs, head-rubs,
    spooning — it is, indeed, up to you.
    And, configurations and positions shift significantly
    throughout the event, thanks in part to Rule 6:
    You are encouraged to change your mind.

    from: https://cuddleparty.com/what-is-a-cuddle-party/

We'll finish with a closing circle to reflect on our experience.

#### Benefits

* "allow your inner child to play and express and receive love through the power of touch."
* "I felt I received a lot of healing from receiving and giving affection and touch."
* Reduce Stress and Anxiety
* Boost Mood and Emotional Resilience
* Support Healing from Touch Deprivation
* Enhance Emotional Awareness and Self-Expression
* Practice Clear and Respectful Boundaries
* Increase Comfort with Asking and Declining
* Promote Non-Verbal Communication Awareness
* Build a Sense of Community
* Encourage Authenticity and Vulnerability
* Provide a Safe Space for Intimacy (without Sex)
* Develop Confidence in Setting Boundaries
* Increase Comfort with Physical Affection in Friendships
* Encourage a Lighthearted, Playful Atmosphere
* Unplug from Screens and Social Media

#### Who Might Benefit the Most?

* People who feel touch-deprived or lonely.
* Those looking to practice setting and respecting boundaries.
* Individuals recovering from past relationship challenges.
* Anyone wanting to increase their emotional intelligence and communication skills.
* People seeking a supportive, community-oriented space.

<img
src="https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2023/cuddle_party_circle.jpg"
alt="cuddle party circle"
class="title" />
<div class="note">Image credit:
<a href="https://cuddleparty.com/">https://cuddleparty.com/</a>
</div>

#### Testimonials

<div>

    It was a great event. Thank you so much.
    Hope more and more people will join the event.
    For us Japanese, we don't communicate that much by hugging,
    but I think people need it. Hugging helps people a lot to be feeling safe.
    It was a great workshop.

    ー Lily

</div>
<div>

    I attended the cuddle party in February.
    It had a profound impact on my nervous system.
    The exercises we did while learning were heaps of fun.
    I felt like I was a kid again.
    It was a real joy to be learning through play,
    about communication with myself and others about touch.
    I would highly recommend it to all people.
    I hope one day to live in a society where non sexual
    touch is a welcomed, consensual form of communication.

    ー Brett Waller

</div>
<div>

    Rob definitely created a safe space for strangers
    coming together at a Cuddle Party to connect with
    one another in a warm, confident, fun, playful and
    loving way. He was able to demonstrate very quickly
    how to use curiousity to explore play and touch in
    an intimate yet platonic setting.
    I had such a fun time, it was beyond my expectation
    of what a Cuddle Party is in my mind. I felt I received
    a lot of healing from receiving and giving affection
    and touch. It was fun to connect with the other
    participants as well.
    I highly recommend this experience to anyone
    who is looking for connection, willing to allow
    their inner child to play and express and receive
    love through the power of touch.
    I definitely will be coming back again!

    ー Jess X Goh

</div>

#### When

Sunday 27 April 2025

Please arrive between 12:45 and 12:50
so we can be settled and start our Welcome Circle at 13:00.

#### Where

Mindful Impact Wellness Hub in Crafers

https://mindfulimpact.com.au/studio

#### Tickets

* $55 for 1 person
* $100 for 2 people

RSVP on Humanitix https://events.humanitix.com/cuddle-party-communication-workshop

#### Includes

Vegan pizza from Crafers Pizza Bar

#### Please Bring

* a pillow or two
* comfortable clothes (modest pyjamas)

#### Arrive On Time

Once we begin the Welcome Circle and orientation, sorry, we can let no one enter late. This creates comfort and safety by knowing that everyone is on the same page about rules and expectations.

#### Fine print

Must be 18+ to attend.
<br>This is a sober event - do not attend under the influence.

CANCELLATION:
<br>Tickets are nonrefundable if you cancel or no-show, but credit for future events
will be provided for cancellations up until the day of the event.
You will receive a refund if you attend the Welcome Circle
and decide to leave before the cuddle portion of the event.

#### Your Facilitator, Rob Nugen

I help ambitious men to discover their gold on a journey into the divine masculine. I guide men who feel overwhelmed by their past and "traditional" masculinity to break away from their inner demons of self-defeat and shame through transformative shadow work, space holding and circle work.

I am a TedX speaker, barefoot walker for over 20 years, trained and run men circles with ManKind Project since 2015. I made a powerful decision to release myself from a 12 year marriage that had become untenable. Now I'm with my dream woman who matches my values and offers the love I desire.
