content/events/2023/01/22casual-3+km-walk-around-shibuya-from-hikarie-to-a-footbath-cafe.en.md, before:

---
title: "Casual 3+km walk around Shibuya from Hikarie to a footbath cafe"
tags: [ "2023", "Barefoot Rob", "barefoot", "event", "hikarie", "january", "shibuya", "toyoko", "walk", "はだし", "裸足のロブ" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2023-01-16T12:54:18+09:00
EventLocation: "Shibuya District: from Hikarie looping around to foot bath and Hachiko"
EventTime: "13:00"
TimeDescription: "Meet at 2F of Hikarie, facing Shibuya Scramble Square."
EventDate: "2023-01-22T13:00:00+09:00"
aliases: [
    "/en/events/2023/01/21casual-3+km-walk-around-shibuya-from-hikarie-to-a-footbath-cafe",
    "/en/events/2023/01/22casual-3+km-walk-around-shibuya-from-hikarie-to-a-footbath-cafe",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "https://b.robnugen.com/journal/2023/walk/2023_01_14_meeting_point.jpg" "2023 01 14 meeting point" %}}

Barefoot Walking Experience:

Slow-paced barefoot walk from Hikarie
walking in a loop near Shibuya Station

We'll see some history of Toyoko Line,
have lunch in a small cafe (with vegan options),
visit the foot bath cafe, Mominoki House
https://goo.gl/maps/DSwt4wd3MmTrtfyHA


#### Meeting Point

Sunday 22 January 2023, 12:45

2F of Hikarie, facing Shibuya Scramble Square (https://goo.gl/maps/XNvqTUJuBiV4inhS6)

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

#### Details

*Walking surfaces:*

Starting in the smooth new pedestrian walkways near Hikarie, we'll
walk along Shibuya River which is relatively smooth
we'll graduate to rough concrete before selecting a cafe for lunch.
City streets are generally clean, but can be rough at times.

Please stay alert about
where you’re walking to avoid injury.

*Course*

* Start at Hikarie 2F, facing Shibuya Scramble Square
* Walk along Shibuya River, along old Toyoko Line path
* Lunch in Sarugaku area, price *not* included
* Walk past Cerulian Tower and across highway 246
* Explore some back streets of Shibuya near Dogenzaka
* Visit Mominoki foot bath cafe, included in price
* Walk down Dogenzaka to world famous Shibuya Crossing
* Barefoot photo near Hachiko Statue
* Say goodbye near Hachiko and disperse to various train lines

[![2023 01 14 view from meeting point](//b.robnugen.com/journal/2023/walk/thumbs/2023_01_14_view_from_meeting_point.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/journal/2023/walk/2023_01_14_view_from_meeting_point.jpg)
[![2023 01 14 tokyu logos](//b.robnugen.com/journal/2023/walk/thumbs/2023_01_14_tokyu_logos.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/journal/2023/walk/2023_01_14_tokyu_logos.jpg)
[![2023 01 14 along shibuya stream](//b.robnugen.com/journal/2023/walk/thumbs/2023_01_14_along_shibuya_stream.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/journal/2023/walk/2023_01_14_along_shibuya_stream.jpg)
[![2023 01 14 cute hanging lights](//b.robnugen.com/journal/2023/walk/thumbs/2023_01_14_cute_hanging_lights.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/journal/2023/walk/2023_01_14_cute_hanging_lights.jpg)

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

**Costs:**

* 3000 yen (includes footbath cafe)
* ~2000 yen for lunch

**What to bring**

* Optional water/soft drink
* Layered clothes to stay comfortable
* Easy-to-wear sandals for hard-to-walk surfaces
* Whatever you may need to take care of yourself
* ~5000 yen

Commit message:

Fix link to LINE group QR code....
LIKE A BOSS!!!

content/events/2023/01/22casual-3+km-walk-around-shibuya-from-hikarie-to-a-footbath-cafe.en.md, after:

---
title: "Casual 3+km walk around Shibuya from Hikarie to a footbath cafe"
tags: [ "2023", "Barefoot Rob", "barefoot", "event", "hikarie", "january", "shibuya", "toyoko", "walk", "はだし", "裸足のロブ" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2023-01-16T12:54:18+09:00
EventLocation: "Shibuya District: from Hikarie looping around to foot bath and Hachiko"
EventTime: "13:00"
TimeDescription: "Meet at 2F of Hikarie, facing Shibuya Scramble Square."
EventDate: "2023-01-22T13:00:00+09:00"
aliases: [
    "/en/events/2023/01/21casual-3+km-walk-around-shibuya-from-hikarie-to-a-footbath-cafe",
    "/en/events/2023/01/22casual-3+km-walk-around-shibuya-from-hikarie-to-a-footbath-cafe",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "https://b.robnugen.com/journal/2023/walk/2023_01_14_meeting_point.jpg" "2023 01 14 meeting point" %}}

Barefoot Walking Experience:

Slow-paced barefoot walk from Hikarie
walking in a loop near Shibuya Station

We'll see some history of Toyoko Line,
have lunch in a small cafe (with vegan options),
visit the foot bath cafe, Mominoki House
https://goo.gl/maps/DSwt4wd3MmTrtfyHA


#### Meeting Point

Sunday 22 January 2023, 12:45

2F of Hikarie, facing Shibuya Scramble Square (https://goo.gl/maps/XNvqTUJuBiV4inhS6)

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

#### Details

*Walking surfaces:*

Starting in the smooth new pedestrian walkways near Hikarie, we'll
walk along Shibuya River which is relatively smooth
we'll graduate to rough concrete before selecting a cafe for lunch.
City streets are generally clean, but can be rough at times.

Please stay alert about
where you’re walking to avoid injury.

*Course*

* Start at Hikarie 2F, facing Shibuya Scramble Square
* Walk along Shibuya River, along old Toyoko Line path
* Lunch in Sarugaku area, price *not* included
* Walk past Cerulian Tower and across highway 246
* Explore some back streets of Shibuya near Dogenzaka
* Visit Mominoki foot bath cafe, included in price
* Walk down Dogenzaka to world famous Shibuya Crossing
* Barefoot photo near Hachiko Statue
* Say goodbye near Hachiko and disperse to various train lines

[![2023 01 14 view from meeting point](//b.robnugen.com/journal/2023/walk/thumbs/2023_01_14_view_from_meeting_point.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/journal/2023/walk/2023_01_14_view_from_meeting_point.jpg)
[![2023 01 14 tokyu logos](//b.robnugen.com/journal/2023/walk/thumbs/2023_01_14_tokyu_logos.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/journal/2023/walk/2023_01_14_tokyu_logos.jpg)
[![2023 01 14 along shibuya stream](//b.robnugen.com/journal/2023/walk/thumbs/2023_01_14_along_shibuya_stream.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/journal/2023/walk/2023_01_14_along_shibuya_stream.jpg)
[![2023 01 14 cute hanging lights](//b.robnugen.com/journal/2023/walk/thumbs/2023_01_14_cute_hanging_lights.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/journal/2023/walk/2023_01_14_cute_hanging_lights.jpg)

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

**Costs:**

* 3000 yen (includes footbath cafe)
* ~2000 yen for lunch

**What to bring**

* Optional water/soft drink
* Layered clothes to stay comfortable
* Easy-to-wear sandals for hard-to-walk surfaces
* Whatever you may need to take care of yourself
* ~5000 yen
