templates/event_templates/walk_and_talk/izumi_tamagawa/izumi_tamagawa_full_moon.en.md, before:

---
title: "%s"
tags: [ %s ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: %s
EventLocation: "EVENT_LOCATION"
EventTime: "EVENT_TIME"
TimeDescription: "gather at FIRST_GATHERING_TIME; walk to Tama River at IZUMI_DEPARTURE_TIME"
EventDate: "%sTEVENT_TIME:00+09:00"
EventType: "Barefoot meditation"
aliases: [
    "/enalias_path",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "episode_image" "episode_image_alt" %}}

Enjoy the night air.  Enjoy moonlight.  Touch the earth. Connect with nature. Connect with friends.

Enjoy chatting and barefoot walking on the full moon night.  Share beautiful experiences with like-minded friends!

The energy of the full moon supports us in releasing unwanted energies,
so we'll also share some time in
meditative energetic release under the full moon.

#### When

**HUMANDATE, gather at FIRST_GATHERING_TIME; walk toward Tama River at EVENT_TIME**

#### Where

**Meet by the [benches near Izumi-Tamagawa station](https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8)**
https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8

[![2021 aug 16 izumi tamagawa meeting spot](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_aug_16_izumi_tamagawa_meeting_spot.png)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_aug_16_izumi_tamagawa_meeting_spot.png)

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

#### Details

*Enjoy moonlight*

Weather permitting, we'll be bathed in moonlight while
enjoying the grassy field with bare feet!

*Enjoy Grass*

We'll relax in a lovely grass baseball field next to Tama River.

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

FIRST_GATHERING_TIME Meet at Izumi-Tamagawa Station near benches https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8

IZUMI_DEPARTURE_TIME: Walk toward Tama River

The grass is nice for walking and relaxing.  Enjoy the light of the full moon.

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

**Donation:**

2000 yen

**What to bring**

Whatever you need to take care of yourself.
Probably should bring a jacket because the weather is getting cooler.
Bring lightweight shoes for the short (~5 minute) walk to the river.
Watch for little rocks!

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!

Commit message:

Fix link to LINE group QR code....
LIKE A BOSS!!!

templates/event_templates/walk_and_talk/izumi_tamagawa/izumi_tamagawa_full_moon.en.md, after:

---
title: "%s"
tags: [ %s ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: %s
EventLocation: "EVENT_LOCATION"
EventTime: "EVENT_TIME"
TimeDescription: "gather at FIRST_GATHERING_TIME; walk to Tama River at IZUMI_DEPARTURE_TIME"
EventDate: "%sTEVENT_TIME:00+09:00"
EventType: "Barefoot meditation"
aliases: [
    "/enalias_path",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "episode_image" "episode_image_alt" %}}

Enjoy the night air.  Enjoy moonlight.  Touch the earth. Connect with nature. Connect with friends.

Enjoy chatting and barefoot walking on the full moon night.  Share beautiful experiences with like-minded friends!

The energy of the full moon supports us in releasing unwanted energies,
so we'll also share some time in
meditative energetic release under the full moon.

#### When

**HUMANDATE, gather at FIRST_GATHERING_TIME; walk toward Tama River at EVENT_TIME**

#### Where

**Meet by the [benches near Izumi-Tamagawa station](https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8)**
https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8

[![2021 aug 16 izumi tamagawa meeting spot](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_aug_16_izumi_tamagawa_meeting_spot.png)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_aug_16_izumi_tamagawa_meeting_spot.png)

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

#### Details

*Enjoy moonlight*

Weather permitting, we'll be bathed in moonlight while
enjoying the grassy field with bare feet!

*Enjoy Grass*

We'll relax in a lovely grass baseball field next to Tama River.

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

FIRST_GATHERING_TIME Meet at Izumi-Tamagawa Station near benches https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8

IZUMI_DEPARTURE_TIME: Walk toward Tama River

The grass is nice for walking and relaxing.  Enjoy the light of the full moon.

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

**Donation:**

2000 yen

**What to bring**

Whatever you need to take care of yourself.
Probably should bring a jacket because the weather is getting cooler.
Bring lightweight shoes for the short (~5 minute) walk to the river.
Watch for little rocks!

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!
