templates/event_templates/walk_and_talk/izumi_tamagawa/izumi_tamagawa.en.md, before:

---
title: "%s"
tags: [ %s ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: %s
EventLocation: "EVENT_LOCATION"
EventTime: "EVENT_TIME"
TimeDescription: "gather at FIRST_GATHERING_TIME; walk to Blue Cafe at IZUMI_DEPARTURE_TIME; walk to Tama River around EVENT_TIME"
EventDate: "%sTEVENT_TIME:00+09:00"
aliases: [
    "/enalias_path",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "episode_image" "episode_image_alt" %}}

<div class="note">Image credit:
<a href="IMAGE_CREDIT">IMAGE_CREDIT</a>
</div>

Refresh your spirit. Touch the earth. Connect with nature. Connect with friends.

Enjoy chatting and barefoot walking: share new experiences with like-minded friends!

#### Join Us

**Meeting Spot #1 FIRST_GATHERING_TIME by the [benches near Izumi-Tamagawa station](https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8)**
https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8

[![2021 aug 16 izumi tamagawa meeting spot](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_aug_16_izumi_tamagawa_meeting_spot.png)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_aug_16_izumi_tamagawa_meeting_spot.png)

**Meeting Spot #2 around FIRST_DEPARTURE_TIME [Blue Cafe Tamagawa](https://blue-tamagawa.jp/#section2)**
https://goo.gl/maps/PX2LgNKF9iz4EyXx9

[![blue cafe](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/thumbs/blue_cafe.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/blue_cafe.jpg)

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

#### Details

FIRST_GATHERING_TIME Meet at Izumi-Tamagawa Station near benches https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8

IZUMI_DEPARTURE_TIME: Walk toward Blue Cafe

EVENT_TIME: Go to riverside for barefoot walk and talk event

*Enjoy Grass*

We'll walk on grassy area next to Tama River.

The grass is nice for walking and relaxing.  We sometimes play frisbee on the field!

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

*Stay Updated*

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

**Donation:**

500 yen

**What to bring**

Whatever you need to take care of yourself.  Bring lightweight
shoes for the short (~5 minute) walk to the river.  Watch for little rocks!

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!

Commit message:

Fix link to LINE group QR code....
LIKE A BOSS!!!

templates/event_templates/walk_and_talk/izumi_tamagawa/izumi_tamagawa.en.md, after:

---
title: "%s"
tags: [ %s ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: %s
EventLocation: "EVENT_LOCATION"
EventTime: "EVENT_TIME"
TimeDescription: "gather at FIRST_GATHERING_TIME; walk to Blue Cafe at IZUMI_DEPARTURE_TIME; walk to Tama River around EVENT_TIME"
EventDate: "%sTEVENT_TIME:00+09:00"
aliases: [
    "/enalias_path",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "episode_image" "episode_image_alt" %}}

<div class="note">Image credit:
<a href="IMAGE_CREDIT">IMAGE_CREDIT</a>
</div>

Refresh your spirit. Touch the earth. Connect with nature. Connect with friends.

Enjoy chatting and barefoot walking: share new experiences with like-minded friends!

#### Join Us

**Meeting Spot #1 FIRST_GATHERING_TIME by the [benches near Izumi-Tamagawa station](https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8)**
https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8

[![2021 aug 16 izumi tamagawa meeting spot](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_aug_16_izumi_tamagawa_meeting_spot.png)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_aug_16_izumi_tamagawa_meeting_spot.png)

**Meeting Spot #2 around FIRST_DEPARTURE_TIME [Blue Cafe Tamagawa](https://blue-tamagawa.jp/#section2)**
https://goo.gl/maps/PX2LgNKF9iz4EyXx9

[![blue cafe](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/thumbs/blue_cafe.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2022/blue_cafe.jpg)

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

#### Details

FIRST_GATHERING_TIME Meet at Izumi-Tamagawa Station near benches https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8

IZUMI_DEPARTURE_TIME: Walk toward Blue Cafe

EVENT_TIME: Go to riverside for barefoot walk and talk event

*Enjoy Grass*

We'll walk on grassy area next to Tama River.

The grass is nice for walking and relaxing.  We sometimes play frisbee on the field!

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

*Stay Updated*

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

**Donation:**

500 yen

**What to bring**

Whatever you need to take care of yourself.  Bring lightweight
shoes for the short (~5 minute) walk to the river.  Watch for little rocks!

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!
