content/events/2021/10/09barefoot-walking-on-the-edge-of-tokyo-izumi-tamagawa.en.md, before:

---
title: "Barefoot Walking on the edge of Tokyo: Izumi-Tamagawa"
tags: [ "barefoot", "event", "field", "izumi-tamagawa", "walk" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2021-09-15T06:12:07+09:00
TimeDescription: "gather at 11:45; walk to Tama River at 12:00"
EventDate: "2021-10-09"
aliases: [
    "/events/2021/10/09barefoot-walking-on-the-edge-of-tokyo-izumi-tamagawa",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_01_izumi_tamagawa/2021_sep_01_izumi_tamagawa_andy_rob_hiro.jpg" "2021 sep 01 izumi tamagawa andy rob hiro" %}}

Refresh your spirit. Touch the earth. Connect with nature. Connect with friends.

Enjoy chatting and barefoot walking: share new experiences with like-minded friends!

#### When

**Saturday 09 October 2021, gather at 11:45; walk toward Tama River at 12:00**

#### Where

**Meeting Spot #1 by the [benches near Izumi-Tamagawa station](https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8)**
https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8

[![2021 aug 16 izumi tamagawa meeting spot](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_aug_16_izumi_tamagawa_meeting_spot.png)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_aug_16_izumi_tamagawa_meeting_spot.png)

**Meeting Spot #2 by [Tama River and Odakyu rail crossing](https://goo.gl/maps/2Ysk1D4EWmc41q3k7)**
https://goo.gl/maps/2Ysk1D4EWmc41q3k7 (on the Tokyo side of the river)

[![2021 aug 16 tama river odakyu line setagaya](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_aug_16_tama_river_odakyu_line_setagaya.png)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_aug_16_tama_river_odakyu_line_setagaya.png)

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

#### Details

*Enjoy Grass*

We'll walk to a lovely grass baseball field next to Tama River.

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

11:45 Meet at Izumi-Tamagawa Station near benches https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8

12:00: Walk toward Tama River

The grass is nice for walking and relaxing.  We sometimes play frisbee on the field!

To receive the latest updates, [join our LINE group](/contact/)!

**Costs:**

500 yen

**What to bring**

Whatever you need to take care of yourself.  Bring lightweight
shoes for the short (~5 minute) walk to the river.  Watch for little rocks!

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!

**Covid Considerations**

You know the situation.  I know you have thought about it and I trust you
to make a good decision for yourself.  If you want a group with masks,
I recommend https://www.meetup.com/tokyospontaneous

Commit message:

Fix link to LINE group QR code....
LIKE A BOSS!!!

content/events/2021/10/09barefoot-walking-on-the-edge-of-tokyo-izumi-tamagawa.en.md, after:

---
title: "Barefoot Walking on the edge of Tokyo: Izumi-Tamagawa"
tags: [ "barefoot", "event", "field", "izumi-tamagawa", "walk" ]
author: Rob Nugen
date: 2021-09-15T06:12:07+09:00
TimeDescription: "gather at 11:45; walk to Tama River at 12:00"
EventDate: "2021-10-09"
aliases: [
    "/events/2021/10/09barefoot-walking-on-the-edge-of-tokyo-izumi-tamagawa",
]
---

{{% img-responsive "https://b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_01_izumi_tamagawa/2021_sep_01_izumi_tamagawa_andy_rob_hiro.jpg" "2021 sep 01 izumi tamagawa andy rob hiro" %}}

Refresh your spirit. Touch the earth. Connect with nature. Connect with friends.

Enjoy chatting and barefoot walking: share new experiences with like-minded friends!

#### When

**Saturday 09 October 2021, gather at 11:45; walk toward Tama River at 12:00**

#### Where

**Meeting Spot #1 by the [benches near Izumi-Tamagawa station](https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8)**
https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8

[![2021 aug 16 izumi tamagawa meeting spot](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_aug_16_izumi_tamagawa_meeting_spot.png)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_aug_16_izumi_tamagawa_meeting_spot.png)

**Meeting Spot #2 by [Tama River and Odakyu rail crossing](https://goo.gl/maps/2Ysk1D4EWmc41q3k7)**
https://goo.gl/maps/2Ysk1D4EWmc41q3k7 (on the Tokyo side of the river)

[![2021 aug 16 tama river odakyu line setagaya](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_aug_16_tama_river_odakyu_line_setagaya.png)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_aug_16_tama_river_odakyu_line_setagaya.png)

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

#### Details

*Enjoy Grass*

We'll walk to a lovely grass baseball field next to Tama River.

*Enjoy Breathing*

Get away from it all by settling into your being and noticing the
motions of your body, one breath and one step at a time.

11:45 Meet at Izumi-Tamagawa Station near benches https://goo.gl/maps/4yh8TLgADixQYnzU8

12:00: Walk toward Tama River

The grass is nice for walking and relaxing.  We sometimes play frisbee on the field!

To receive the latest updates, join our LINE group!

[![line qr code](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/thumbs/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)](//b.robnugen.com/blog/2021/2021_sep_25_rob_line_qr_code_text_walk_and_talk.jpg)

**Costs:**

500 yen

**What to bring**

Whatever you need to take care of yourself.  Bring lightweight
shoes for the short (~5 minute) walk to the river.  Watch for little rocks!

Self care is important, so wear shoes whenever you need to!

**Covid Considerations**

You know the situation.  I know you have thought about it and I trust you
to make a good decision for yourself.  If you want a group with masks,
I recommend https://www.meetup.com/tokyospontaneous
